2021 Corporate Responsibility Report


2. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
To Our Global Community:
As we celebrate our 75th anniversary, Alcon continues our commitment to delivering innovations that improve sight while working to expand access to eye care in communities around the world. As a global leader in eye care, we believe we can best serve our community by focusing every day on helping people See Brilliantly, so they can live brilliantly.
With that in mind, I am pleased to share our 2021 Corporate. 
Responsibility Report. It highlights the outstanding work our team has done to serve customers and communities and provides details on the important work we are doing on environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives.
This report features important evolutions in how Alcon tracks and reports our progress, as well as several new social and environmental goals. Moving forward, our ESG strategy is focused on three pillars that align with and reinforce our purpose: Brilliant Lives, Brilliant Innovation and Brilliant Planet.

Brilliant Lives: We know that access to quality eye care for millions of people around the world is limited or even unavailable — and we believe everyone, regardless of age, location or circumstance — should have access to care. Alcon is one of the few companies in the world focused solely on the eye and is uniquely positioned to address this challenge.
In 2021, we heightened our focus on providing training and education programs for surgeons in developing markets and on developing partnerships to improve access and affordability. Further, through our charitable and product donations, the Alcon Foundation and Alcon Cares are laying the groundwork to treat vision loss in underserved parts of the world. In 2022, we are adding goals in both ophthalmology and optometry that align with our business and philanthropic priorities.
Brilliant Innovation: Our diverse talent from around the world innovates sight-saving and sight-restoring products that change lives. Our core business is product innovation, and we believe that more inclusive ideation creates better products for more people. Inclusive ideation also ensures we consider changing market and customer needs in our product design process — for instance, innovating smaller, more portable devices at a lower cost for certain regions or instrumentation for all hand sizes. In addition, we have developed an. 
Environmental Sustainability Scorecard for new product development. Used by a collaborative group of research and development (R&D), manufacturing and commercial teams, this scorecard integrates key sustainability ideas into new product development.
Brilliant Planet: Being mindful of our environmental impact, we are working to reduce emissions and operational waste.
We are committed to becoming carbon neutral across our global operations by 2030 and will continue building on our use of renewable energy sources. Several of our manufacturing sites are zero waste to landfill certified, and we plan to achieve 100% non-hazardous waste landfill diversion at all our manufacturing sites and distribution centers by 2030. We also continue to pursue opportunities to reduce packaging or to replace packaging materials with sustainable alternatives.
None of this progress would be possible without the hard work and dedication of our more than 24,000 associates.
They continue to live our purpose so that everyone has the potential to See Brilliantly. With their leadership and commitment, we are integrating corporate responsibility objectives into our decision-making to deliver long-term value for our investors and all Alcon stakeholders.
Thank you for your interest in Alcon.
David J. Endicott,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, ALCON INC.
Letter From Our CEO


Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report 3. 
Letter From Our CEO 2. 
About Alcon 4 2021 Report Highlights 6. 
Purpose and Strategy 7. 
Our Approach to Sustainability 8. 
Our ESG Reporting 9. 
Serving Communities 10. 
Philanthropy 11. 
Philanthropic Initiatives 12. 
Alcon Children’s Vision Program 13. 
Community Engagement 14. 
Enhancing Sustainable Access to Eye Care 15. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients 16. 
Medical Innovation 17. 
Product Quality and Patient Safety 18. 
Clinical Trial Standards 19. 
Access, Affordability and Pricing 20. 
Protecting Our Environment 21. 
Global Environmental Sustainability Strategy and Leadership 22. 
Health, Safety and Environmental Management System 23. 
Health and Safety 24. 
Sustainable Products and Services 26. 
Environmental Sustainability Scorecard 27. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 28. 
Supporting People 32. 
Talent Attraction and Retention 33. 
Engagement 34. 
Training and Development 35. 
Diversity and Inclusion 36. 
Associate Well-Being 39. 
Working With Integrity 40. 
Business Ethics 41. 
Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals 44. 
Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain 45. 
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 47. 
Public Policy and Political Influence 49. 
Our Data 50. 
ESG Performance Data 50. 
ESG Reporting Indices 61. 
Index 73. 
Table of Contents


About Alcon. 
Alcon is the global leader in eye care, dedicated to helping people See Brilliantly. For 75 years, our work has focused exclusively on the eye, enabling access to vision-correcting and vision-saving products and services to patients around the world. We directly operate in 60 countries, serve customers and patients in more than 140 countries and continue to invest significantly in R&D to support ongoing eye care innovation.
2021 Report Highlights 6. 
Purpose and Strategy 7. 
Our Approach to Sustainability 8. 
Our ESG Reporting 9


Vision Care. 
We are one of the largest manufacturers of contact lens products and ocular health products. Our Vision Care portfolio offers a broad range of daily disposable, reusable and color- enhancing contact lenses and a comprehensive portfolio of ocular health products. This includes eye drops for dry eye and ocular allergies, as well as pharmaceutical drops for certain eye conditions.
Surgical. 
Alcon offers the industry’s most complete line of ophthalmic surgical products, enabling surgeons to achieve the best results for their patients. Our Surgical portfolio includes technologies and solutions for cataract, retinal and refractive surgery, as well as advanced-technology intraocular lenses (IOLs) to treat cataracts and refractive errors, including presbyopia, glaucoma and astigmatism.
• Dry eye products • Allergy eye drops • Glaucoma eye drops • Contact lens care • Dedicated consumables • Custom surgical packs • Procedural products • Cataract, retinal, refractive equipment • Diagnostic and visualization • Equipment service • Procedural eye drops • Monofocal IOLs • Advanced technology IOLs • Glaucoma implants. 
Contact Lenses (26%)
Ocular Health (17%)
Consumables (29%)
Implantables (18%)
Equipment/Other (10%)
Vision Care Portfolio $3.5B (43%) Surgical Portfolio $4.7B (57%) • Daily lenses • Reusable lenses • Cosmetic lenses $8.2B 2021 net sales 140+ countries served 100+ pipeline products under development $680M+ invested in R&D1 24K+ associates 1 Core R&D investment (non-IFRS measure) as reported in our Form 20-F, Item 5.A.
5. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report About Alcon


2021 Report Highlights. 
Serving Communities Caring for Our Customers and Patients 60+
Alcon-initiated clinical trials started with subjects being screened for inclusion 5,000+ surgeons trained, and 7+ million eyes received sight-enhancing or restoring cataract procedures as a direct result of our Phaco Development program. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Supporting People. 
Working With Integrity ur 48% global female representation in our labor force $11+ million in Alcon Cares product and equipment donations, supporting 73 medical missions, providing 11,000+ surgeries and treating 40,000+ patients ~2,800 associates globally volunteered with 137 partner organization events as part of Alcon in Action, our global volunteering day 35,000+ elementary-aged children screened as part of our pilot Children’s. 
Vision Program ~8,400 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) avoided through 41 energy-saving projects 7% decrease in energy intensity compared to our 2019 baseline ~76% of operational waste recycled Recognized as a DiversityInc Top Noteworthy Company. 
Established multi-year diversity and inclusion strategy 11 employee resource groups and special interest groups 99.5% of full-time associates completed our. 
Code of Business Conduct training of U.S. procurement sourced from diverse suppliers ~13% 6. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report About Alcon


Purpose and Strategy. 
Alcon aspires to improve lives, strengthen communities and create long-term value by innovating products that improve sight. Our ESG strategy leads with our commitment to enable communities to access critical eye care services so that everyone can See Brilliantly. It is focused on three areas:
Brilliant Lives, Brilliant Innovation and Brilliant Planet.
• Brilliant Lives: With our partner organizations, we enable communities to access critical eye care services • Brilliant Innovation: Our diverse talent from around the world innovates best-in-class products that change lives • Brilliant Planet: We care for our planet by focusing on reducing emissions and waste. 
Foundational to our strategy are our best-in-class workforce and a strong governance structure.
We’ve identified metrics and goals to hold ourselves accountable and measure progress, including: 

“We’re continuously innovating at Alcon to bring high-quality eye care to those in need. We are creating more sustainable products and reducing our environmental impact, which is good for our business and our stakeholders.”
Karen King,
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE AFFAIRS. 
Social Environmental • By 2025, Alcon will work with our partners through philanthropic support and training programs to help improve vision for 5 million people afflicted with untreated cataracts in low- and middle-income countries, including 1 million considered cataract-blind2 (2021 baseline) • By 2025, Alcon associates will help improve vision and enhance academic success by providing 150,000 vision screenings to children and ensuring comprehensive care for those in need (2021 baseline) • By 2030, Alcon will become carbon neutral across global operations (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) • By 2030, Alcon will divert 100% of non-hazardous waste generated at manufacturing sites and distribution centers from landfill 2 As defined by the World Health Organization, Blindness and Vision Impairment.
7. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report About Alcon


Our Approach to Sustainability. 
We approach ESG with the same commitment to continuous improvement and breakthrough innovation we bring to everything we do. We apply the attributes that make us unique, including: • Our 75-year history of focusing on the eye and working to make the lives of people and their communities better and brighter • Our global reach and expertise to expand access to essential eye care services so everyone can See Brilliantly • Our associates’ commitment to supporting our purpose and advancing our mission. 
ESG Governance. 
Alcon strives to integrate ESG objectives into our decision- making to deliver long-term value for all our stakeholders.
We have established a robust ESG governance structure that includes Board of Directors’ accountability and a dedicated. 
Global Head of ESG who oversees our day-to-day performance and initiatives. Quantifiable ESG metrics are factored into all Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members’ individual performance goals that impact annual remuneration.
ESG Governance Structure. 
Board of Directors. 
Alcon’s Board of Directors is responsible for overall ESG strategy. 
Governance and Nominating Committee. 
The Governance and Nominating Committee assists the Board in its oversight of our sustainability initiatives. 
ESG Executive Steering Committee Executives from across departments, including Corporate Affairs, Human Resources, Innovation, Legal and Compliance, Manufacturing and Global Quality and Regulatory Affairs, oversee ESG topics and are responsible for identifying and managing Alcon’s environmental and social impacts. 
ESG Working Group. 
Representatives from Philanthropy, Investor Relations, IT and Privacy, Health, Safety and Environment, Human Resources, Legal and Compliance, Market Access, Procurement, Supply Chain, Quality and Research and Development lead our day-to-day work. 
Social Impact Committee. 
A dedicated committee is responsible for implementing and tracking our social commitments as well as identifying innovative ways to expand access. 
Alcon Foundation and Alcon Cares. 
Our two charitable foundations provide monetary donations, product and equipment donations and expertise to our partners to help ensure the continuity of eye care in local communities. 
Global Environmental Sustainability Committee. 
A dedicated committee is focused on setting and achieving environmental goals for Alcon’s global operations. 
Executive Diversity Council. 
Leaders from across major business lines provide guidance and decisionmaking related to our enterprise diversity and inclusion strategy and executive sponsorship for our employee resource groups. 
Global Privacy Office. 
A dedicated team headed by Alcon’s Global Head of Privacy is responsible for our privacy policies, procedures and compliance 8. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report About Alcon


Our ESG Reporting. 
We conducted a thorough ESG materiality assessment to prioritize our efforts and focus our reporting on the ESG topics that are most important to our business and stakeholders.
This process included robust research and stakeholder engagement, and we also engaged a third-party ESG consultant to provide valuable assistance and feedback.
The structure and disclosures of our 2021 Corporate. 
Responsibility Report are informed by leading ESG framework initiatives, including the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI),
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and. 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In the following pages, we discuss our governance, management approach (including policies, responsibilities, processes and initiatives) and progress for our Tier 1 and Tier 2 ESG topics and other priority topics. This report covers Alcon’s 2021 performance unless otherwise stated.
Please note that the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted some of our ESG initiatives and performance in 2020 and 2021, which is reflected in our data.
9. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report About Alcon


Serving Communities. 
Philanthropy 11. 
Philanthropic Initiatives 12. 
Alcon Children’s Vision Program 13. 
Community Engagement 14. 
Enhancing Sustainable Access to Eye Care 15. 
Alcon sees a world where treatable, preventable conditions affecting eye health receive the attention they need, regardless of an individual’s geography, gender, age or socioeconomic status. Currently, more than 1.1 billion people are living with uncorrected vision impairments — 90% of those individuals live in low- and middle-income countries.3 Through training and education programs and partnerships that improve access and affordability, we are bringing eye care to those who need it.
3 IAPB, Vision Atlas.


Philanthropy. 
Untreated vision impairments have significant economic implications for affected individuals, their families and caregivers and broader communities. These individuals are unable to seek proper eye care because they face barriers such as cost, distance, system capacity and lack of awareness.
Through our two foundations, the Alcon Foundation and Alcon. 
Cares, we provide monetary donations, product and equipment donations and expertise to eligible nonprofit partners to help ensure the continuity of eye care in local communities.
All donations made by the Alcon Foundation and Alcon Cares are overseen by each foundation’s Board of Directors, who use a rubric to evaluate grant requests. This rubric helps the. 
Boards make assessments based on needs and objectives, organization financial health, program cost and value, impact, internal evaluation metrics and strategic alignment with Alcon’s philanthropic goals.
Charitable Giving. 
Giving through the Alcon Foundation and Alcon Cares totaled more than $15 million in 2021. We supported organizations such as the International Eye Foundation, which is strengthening eye systems in India through its Hospital. 
Recovery program, and VisionSpring, which is providing affordable, quality eyeglasses to people worldwide. Additionally, we expanded our long-time partnership with SEE International to support its Direct Supply Support program, which is filling the backlog in cataract surgery that resulted from a reduction in medical missions during the COVID-19 pandemic.
11. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Serving Communities “We have the reach, expertise, relationships and dedication to positively impact millions of patients around the world. We will continue to grow our efforts and increase access to quality eye care.”
Charles Herget,
GLOBAL HEAD OF ESG. 
Our Goals. 
By 2025, Alcon will work with our partners through philanthropic support and training programs to help improve vision for 5 million people afflicted with untreated cataracts in low- and middle-income countries, including 1 million considered cataract-blind.4. 
Foundation Giving. 
The Alcon Foundation donated $4 million in monetary grants to more than 150 nonprofit organizations providing charitable services in our communities and around the world. Over 80% of this funding supports eye care programs, training or services.
Alcon Cares product and equipment donations, such as IOLs, sutures, blades and drapes, to nonprofit organizations totaled more than $11 million. We supported 73 medical missions, providing more than 11,000 surgeries and treating more than 40,000 patients.
Medical Missions. 
Alcon Cares has supported over 750 medical missions over the last three years, helping deliver eye care to places that need it most.
During these missions, volunteer medical teams treat patients and train local eye care professionals to help ensure the continuity of eye care. One mission we supported with donations treated 1,500 patients and performed 750 cataract surgeries and 158 pterygium surgeries in Asamang-Ashanti,
Ghana. Additionally, 10 healthcare professionals received training during this program.
4 As defined by the World Health Organization, Blindness and Vision Impairment.


12. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Serving Communities. 
Philanthropic Initiatives. 
Orbis Partnership. 
Together with our partners, we are providing vital eye care services, enhancing eye care systems and increasing the capacity of eye care providers by providing training and equipment. For example, we partner with Orbis International, which enhances the skills of eye care teams in areas with the greatest need by offering educational programs to train participants. Our partnership with Orbis, utilizing their flying eye hospital, has extended over 40 years. In 2021, we helped train more than 680 eye care professionals in 75 countries, who performed 3.6 million eye screenings and examinations and 38,000 surgeries in Ethiopia, Bangladesh, India, China,
Mongolia, Vietnam, Zambia, Ghana, Peru, Nepal, Guyana,
Bolivia and South Africa.
Project 100. 
Our Project 100 initiative is an Alcon Cares charitable program that aims to increase sustainable access to cataract surgery in low-to-middle income countries by providing equipment and training to perform phacoemulsification (phaco) surgeries.
Through this program, Alcon is donating a total of 100 phaco machines, the standard of care, to hospitals that demonstrate excellent knowledge of local eye care health systems and meet criteria, such as the ability to monitor, evaluate and report on project metrics.
In 2021, we donated 34 new Legion System™ phaco units to hospitals and clinics in India, Kenya and Mongolia, getting us almost halfway to our goal, with 49 total phaco machines donated to date. In India alone, we trained 126 doctors and surgeons on donated phaco units, and 65% of all free phaco surgeries at partner sites were performed on donated. 
Project 100 machines.


13. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Serving Communities. 
Alcon Children’s Vision Program. 
For over 10 years, the Alcon Foundation has engaged service delivery partners to help children from low-income families in the U.S. See Brilliantly so they can learn brilliantly. Eighty percent of classroom learning is visual,5 making the ability to read on level by third grade critical to lifelong learning.
According to Read Fort Worth, children not reading on level in third grade are four times more likely to not graduate high school, with starker disparities for minority students not reading at a college-ready pace. Although no one factor determines a child’s success, Alcon believes providing quality eye exams and glasses for students who need them is one strategy to help ensure students are reading at grade level and on track for future academic success.
In 2021, we partnered with a large local school district in the U.S. to pilot the Children’s Vision Program, providing eye exams and glasses to underserved elementary students. In this school district, approximately one-fifth of elementary school children need vision correction, yet most do not have access to eye care. As part of this program, about 100 Alcon associates had the opportunity to become certified vision screeners and then volunteer to screen students.
In the 2021–2022 school pilot program, Alcon volunteers, school nurses and other partners screened more than 35,000 students in grades pre-kindergarten through fifth at 79 elementary schools. Students in need of follow-up care were subsequently served by delivery partners who performed more than 3,000 eye exams and dispensed glasses.
In 2022, Alcon will build on the strength of our existing relationships and shared commitment to eye health, opening the Alcon Children’s Vision Center to provide continuity of care with a dedicated team of eye care professionals. Our Goals By 2025, Alcon associates will help improve vision and enhance academic success by providing 150,000 vision screenings to children and ensuring comprehensive care for those in need.
5 Maternal and Child Health Journal, Parent, Teacher and Student Perspectives.


14. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Serving Communities. 
Community Engagement. 
Alcon associates help strengthen our global communities through volunteerism and monetary gifts, including our Alcon in Action day of volunteering in markets around the world.
Matching gifts: Alcon provides a variety of giving platforms and campaigns designed to help associates make monetary donations to any nonprofit of their choice. Our corporate giving team partners with key internal departments, such as. 
Diversity and Inclusion (D&I), and international business heads to host one-time special giving initiatives focused on cultural heritage events or emergency relief efforts.
Alcon also matches eligible charitable donations dollar for dollar, up to $500 a year per associate in the U.S.
To further promote associate giving, we participate in special gift-matching initiatives throughout the year, such as double-matching gifts made on Giving Tuesday. In 2021, Alcon associates supported more than 200 charities, donating nearly $200,000.
Associate volunteerism: In 2021, participating Alcon associates volunteered a total of 10,875 hours to better our communities around the world. This translated into a value of more than $325,000. They volunteered with a variety of community organizations, such as Serve the City and Caritas in Geneva, Leket in Israel, ACT Care for Humanity in Indonesia and Moms Against Hunger in Texas.
Alcon in Action: Alcon in Action, our global volunteering day, brings our associates together to make a positive impact in communities through health-, hunger- and hygiene-focused volunteer events. In 2021, about 2,800 associates across 43 global sites volunteered in 137 partner organization events, such as building homes with Habitat for Humanity, packing meals with partners like Willing Hearts in Singapore and Rise. 
Against Hunger in Fort Worth, Texas, and creating hygiene and health kits for partners like Berliner Stadtmission in. 
Germany and the Tarrant County Homeless Coalition in Fort. 
Worth, Texas.
For example, in 2021, Alcon in Action brought associates and leaders together to support soup kitchens in Geneva that were still closed due to COVID-19 restrictions. We donated food to those in need by organizing the materials needed to individually create and wrap sandwiches before delivering them to their local Serve the City team distribution across the city on the same day.
Alcon in Action 2021: Health, Hunger and Hygiene, By the Numbers. 
Created 65,000+ hygiene kits. 
Packaged 52,000+ meals. 
Volunteered on 20+ public works projects, such as revitalizing shelters in Ireland


15. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Serving Communities. 
Enhancing Sustainable Access to Eye Care. 
Alcon is also helping people See Brilliantly by expanding the availability of quality eye care and access around the globe.
This includes innovative programs that provide free or low- cost eye care to patients in underserved communities. Alcon’s business-led Phaco Development (PD) program empowers surgeons to provide sustainable access to phaco procedures — the standard in cataract care — in low-to-middle-income countries.
Since the program’s inception in 2008, more than 5,000 surgeons have been trained in core and advanced phacoemulsification courses and gone on to perform more than 7 million sight-enhancing or restoring phaco procedures in Asia, China and India. The patients have primarily lived in underserved cities where care had previously been limited or unavailable. In 2021, we conducted more than 1,470 courses and trained more than 540 doctors who provided approximately 1.4 million procedures.
We are now expanding on the PD program’s development model to train doctors on vitreoretinal surgery through the. 
Alcon Vitreoretinal Development (VRD) program in China,
India, Bangladesh and Nepal. In 2021, the VRD program experienced a 68% increase in procedures compared to the previous year. As we look forward, we are focused on helping surgeons provide the best possible refractive visual outcomes to patients, developing the PD Digital Learning Ecosystem-
International Virtual Residency Program and rolling out PD tools for international markets next year.
“Cataract blindness is a treatable condition that impacts millions of people around the world. Initiatives like our Phaco Development program are helping more people receive the eye care they need by addressing access barriers from all angles.”
Jeannette Bankes,
PRESIDENT AND GENERAL MANAGER,
GLOBAL SURGICAL FRANCHISE


Caring for Our Customers and Patients. 
Our long-standing relationships with customers and eye care providers strengthen our ability to serve patients. Through innovation, strong economic value propositions and engagement with healthcare decision-makers, we strive to promote affordability and access to provide all patients with the quality care they deserve.
Medical Innovation 17. 
Product Quality and Patient Safety 18. 
Clinical Trial Standards 19. 
Access, Affordability and Pricing 20


17 Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients. 
Medical Innovation 6 Core R&D investment (non-IFRS measure) as reported in our Form 20-F, Item 5.A.
7 Includes U.S., E.U. Canada, Japan, Brazil, Korea, Australia, China, Russia and India.
In 2021, we continued to lead the eye care industry in R&D, with more than 100 pipeline products under development and 1,400 associates, including physicians, doctors of optometry, engineers, scientists and PhDs working throughout our R&D organization. Our position in the market allows us access to a wealth of potential R&D projects, and we continue to be a collaborative leader, working with both industry partners and early-stage development companies.
We invested over $680 million6 to create innovative products that meet our customers’ and patients’ needs, including 114 new product approvals in major markets and eight first-to-market launches in 2021.7. 
Our R&D priorities include: • Advanced technology for IOLs, delivery systems and ocular procedures that improve quality of vision, safety and efficiency • Enhanced visual outcomes through advanced diagnostics and visualization and digital health solutions to improve medical practice efficiency and help deliver optimal outcomes • New contact lenses • Technologies to address presbyopia and astigmatism • Dry eye products and ocular allergy and glaucoma drops. 
Alcon’s R&D governance structure is designed to accelerate innovation while balancing customer and patient needs, technical and regulatory risk, return on investment, capital requirements and other key factors. The Innovation Committee of our Board of Directors provides oversight of R&D initiatives.
We use a risk-based methodology, in which projects with a higher risk profile and greater complexity receive increased levels of technical oversight and management attention. The. 
Innovation Committee and Executive Committee of Alcon led by our CEO, oversee Tier 1 projects that are technically complex or capital intensive.
In 2021, we launched a multi-year strategic initiative focused on evolving our R&D capabilities for continued future success.
Through this initiative, we have shifted to a capability-oriented. 
R&D model and are embedding standardization, consistency, agility and knowledge sharing into our processes. We have also started enterprise-wide efforts to modernize our ways of working and adopt industry-leading technologies that will accelerate new product development from concept to launch.
To further strengthen our pipeline, we are creating new ways to collaborate with external partners that complement our existing internal ideation processes.
R&D Productivity 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of first-to-market launches 14 8 8. 
Number of product approvals (major markets)7 80 78 114. 
The Cataract Education Zone. 
Long waiting periods and shorter consultation appointments can decrease a patient’s awareness of their eye care options. To address this knowledge gap, we partnered with the. 
Aravind Eye Hospitals in India to create the Cataract. 
Education Zone, an education module in which patients can learn about their cataract and IOL options through a QR code or virtual reality devices provided in the waiting room. This initiative has enabled patients to make more informed decisions earlier and Aravind. 
Eye Hospitals to increase the number of patients they can serve.


18 Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients “A brilliant patient experience is at the core of what we do. Our associates take pride in ensuring our patients receive safe and effective products on time, every time.”
Heather Attra,
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT OF. 
QUALITY AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS. 
Product Quality and Patient Safety 8 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.
Product quality and patient safety are our top priorities. We have high standards and well-established, rigorous safety procedures designed to comply with all quality and safety laws and regulations in every country where we distribute our products.
Alcon’s independent Quality organization, led by the Senior. 
Vice President of Global Quality and Regulatory Affairs, upholds our product quality and patient safety standards.
Teams within this organization conduct regular site- and franchise-level quality management reviews, monitor trends, signal potential product safety issues, implement our quality management system across all Alcon sites and audit internal processes and suppliers.
Our Chief Medical Officer, reporting to the Chief Scientific. 
Officer and Senior Vice President of Global R&D, leads the. 
Global Medical Safety group, which monitors and evaluates safety trends to support recommendations for cross-functional alignment of risk management decisions. As needed, the group escalates issues to our Quality Compliance group to determine whether they require market action.
We use benchmarking and stakeholder feedback to set quality targets for various key performance indicators (KPIs). For example, this research led us to adopt the Batch Right First. 
Time Rate, which measures the number of internal deviations.
This metric provides data to help Alcon ensure safe and effective products reach our customers when they need them.
Our global metrics dashboard automates data collection and facilitates monthly KPI and trend reviews. In 2021, we were recognized by industry stakeholders, public-private partnerships and government agencies on our quality analytics dashboard.
Once products are marketed, we conduct periodic risk reviews with our R&D, Global Medical Safety and Quality teams. All product complaints are assessed by our Post-Market Quality team and investigated by Alcon’s product and process experts.
These investigations identify the root cause and prescribe appropriate action based on the risk level. We maintain a robust Corrective and Preventive Action program to address any potential product quality issues identified as a result of these investigations. We will also notify the appropriate regulatory authorities if required by applicable law.
Product Quality 2019 2020 2021. 
Recall Rate. 
Vision Care recall rate 0 0 0. 
Surgical recall rate 0 0.04%8 0.37%
Number of Recalls Issued. 
Number of FDA-initiated recalls 0 0 0. 
Percentage of recalls that were voluntary, FDA-requested or FDA-mandated 0 100% voluntary 100% voluntary


19 Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients. 
Clinical Trial Standards. 
We partner with eye care providers across the globe to conduct clinical trials and are committed to doing so safely and ethically across all sites and product development areas.
Patient safety is our highest priority when designing and executing clinical trials. Our Protocol Review Committee — co-chaired by our Chief Medical Officer and Head of Clinical. 
R&D and composed of relevant subject matter experts — reviews all trial designs to ensure scientific integrity, patient safety and compliance with clinical and regulatory requirements. We protect patients’ data and uphold their right to privacy by using qualified individuals to supervise the overall conduct of each clinical trial. Our policies and procedures for all phases of the clinical trial process are outlined in our internal Alcon Quality Manual.
All clinical trials are monitored for patient safety. We track any deviations of our standards through an internal system, where we document non-conformances and create preventive action plans. We report any clinical trial deviations to the FDA and other regulatory bodies. From 2019 to 2021, the number of deviations decreased by 50%.
Clinical Trial Deviations 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of clinical trial deviations 10 9 5. 
In 2021, more than 60 Alcon-initiated clinical trials achieved the First Patient, First Visit (FPFV) milestone, signifying the beginning of subject enrollment for the trial. A similar number of trials achieved database lock (DBL), when the study database is no longer editable, and analysis can begin. This is nearly double our average annual number of FPFVs and. 
DBLs for the past three years. Since establishing a feasibility clinical trial process in 2019 to study early contact lens designs, we nearly tripled the number of feasibility trials this year, producing data on 17 different products in early-stage development. This feasibility process offers an agile and fast- paced platform to clinically investigate product attributes and outcomes. It has enabled our scientists to make more informed, data-driven decisions to optimize the product before confirmatory testing.
Looking ahead, we are investing in new technology platforms to execute clinical trials. In addition, we will continue to search for opportunities to strengthen how Alcon engages electronically with clinical sites and how sites engage electronically with patients. These advancements will help streamline site activities and enable faster enrollment and better information flow with patients.


20 Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients. 
Access, Affordability and Pricing. 
As a global industry leader, we are committed to increasing quality eye care access and delivering affordable technologies to people everywhere. We work closely with healthcare decision-makers to continually improve cost, access and quality of care.
Our Market Access team manages Alcon’s access, affordability and pricing efforts, reporting to our Vision Care and Surgical franchise presidents. In 2021, the Market Access team played a critical role in providing support and resources to healthcare decision-makers by helping them navigate reimbursement challenges and opportunities and providing evidence-based economic analyses of Alcon’s technologies.
Delivering Affordable Quality Eye Care. 
We have a variety of strategies to offer high-quality, innovative products for the best value.
• Value to clinicians and other healthcare decision- makers: We share economic and clinical outcomes, such as cost-effectiveness studies, quality-of-life research and budget impact models, with healthcare decision-makers to support and expand funding and insurance coverage for our products and services.
• Reimbursement mechanisms and funding flows: We consider available public and private payment mechanisms to make our products affordable. Where reimbursement does not yet exist, we provide evidence of product value to develop funding pathways. In 2021, we reached virtually all of our reimbursement listing and funding targets for new product launches across both our Surgical and Vision Care franchises.
• Market landscape and global environment: We seek to price our products in a way that is accessible to the local market. We consider each country’s stage of market development and healthcare infrastructure, the population’s ability and/or willingness to pay, the presence of available alternatives and the geopolitical environment.
We track our product price performance in the markets we serve, as well as our reimbursement and funding success rates.
At Alcon, we are innovating smaller, more portable devices with lower operating costs, like our Legion System, for certain international regions. This brings the benefits of industry-leading phaco technology to the developing world and completes our portfolio of phaco equipment. We are able to provide extensive customized phaco offerings to meet customers’ needs, preferences and budget requirements.


Global Environmental Sustainability Strategy and Leadership 22. 
Health, Safety and Environmental Management System 23. 
Health and Safety 24. 
Sustainable Products and Services 26. 
Environmental Sustainability Scorecard 27. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 28. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
As a global leader in eye care, we believe we can best serve our community and our planet by focusing every day on helping people See Brilliantly so they can live brilliantly. We are doing this by innovating more sustainable eye care products and reducing our environmental impact. We manufacture approximately 90% of our products internally, which provides us with the opportunity and responsibility to reduce our water, waste, emissions and chemicals of concern associated with the development and use of our products. We are pursuing a pathway toward carbon neutral (Scope 1 and Scope 2) by implementing energysaving projects across the organization and incorporating renewable energy where feasible.


Our Global Environmental Sustainability Objectives. 
Sustainable products and services. 
Energy efficiency and GHG reduction. 
Operational waste reduction. 
Water stewardship 22. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Global Environmental Sustainability Strategy and Leadership. 
Our global environmental sustainability strategy guides our action with a focus on four pillars: sustainable products and services, energy efficiency and greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction, operational waste reduction and water stewardship.
Our Global Head of Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) establishes the overall direction and effective governance of. 
HSE policies, commitments and strategies across the business, including our environmental management system. Day to day, our Global Environmental Sustainability Committee is focused on setting and achieving environmental goals by collaborating cross-functionally across Alcon’s global operations.
The Global Head of HSE updates the ELT on a regular basis on emerging risks and opportunities, as well as overall performance. The Governance and Nomination Committee oversees our environmental strategy and receives periodic updates from our Senior Vice President, Global Manufacturing and Technical Operations and Global Head of HSE.
“Three of our manufacturing sites are now zero waste to landfill certified by GreenCircle. We’ve also pursued opportunities to replace packaging materials with sustainable alternatives and implemented dozens of energy efficiency and water-savings projects. And those are just a couple of the ways we’re challenging ourselves to embed sustainability into the core of our business.”
Ed McGough,
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MANUFACTURING AND TECHNICAL OPERATIONS


23. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Health, Safety and Environmental Management System. 
Alcon’s HSE management system is aligned with the International Organization for Standardization 14001:2015 Global Certification Program and embedded throughout our company. This system is designed to improve our environmental performance by helping ensure legal compliance, investigating causes of non-compliance and implementing corrective and preventive actions.
In addition to our Global HSE Policy, we created an internal. 
HSE Manual that outlines our management system — including minimum expectations for managing HSE aspects and hazards, risks, opportunities and compliance obligations.
It also describes the high-level HSE-related roles and functions across the business. With oversight from our leadership, our global HSE team is responsible for our environmental management system and must demonstrate progress toward improvements, objectives and targets. The team sets HSE targets at the start of each year, discusses progress toward our targets with site associates quarterly and presents each site’s progress toward our targets to the ELT at the end of each year.
Manufacturing Sites. 
At the site level, our manufacturing associates implement the system and review risk registers, identify compliance obligations and develop mitigation strategies. We have implemented annual internal conformance reviews and safety culture surveys to evaluate performance, in addition to requiring all of our manufacturing sites to conduct legal compliance every three years with an external party. In 2021, we also collaborated with a third party to audit and certify all of our manufacturing sites to the ISO 14001:2015 environmental management system standard.
100% of manufacturing sites are ISO 14001:2015 certified.


Health and Safety. 
Guided by our Global HSE Policy, we foster a culture of health and safety and create an environment that supports performance and allows our associates to thrive. Alcon integrates HSE into the lifecycle of our business processes to proactively reduce HSE risks and impacts.
Our CEO and ELT provide strategic direction for the company-wide management of HSE issues and review HSE programs and performance. Day to day, our Global Head of. 
HSE — supported by our global HSE team — is responsible for developing and overseeing the implementation of our corporate HSE policy, standards, management tools and training to help our sites mitigate risk. Each Alcon manufacturing site has an HSE team and a cross-functional. 
HSE Committee so employees can engage with management, as well as designated HSE champions who advocate for safety programs.
Health and Safety Management. 
Our sites use Alcon’s risk management process to identify HSE risks and implement the necessary controls. The results of this process are shared with senior leadership and considered in developing our HSE annual plan and goals.
Manufacturing site leadership proactively manages safety performance through walk-throughs, town hall meetings and team safety huddles. Potentially serious site events are communicated to all manufacturing sites to determine whether the hazard identified may be present at other locations and needs to be addressed.
HSE Business Plan. 
Alcon’s annual Global HSE Business Plan drives continuous improvement in our performance and the HSE management system. Our HSE team reviews injury and illness trend data, site KPI performance, outcomes of HSE management reviews and other inputs to develop specific goals and actions for the calendar year.
One of the key initiatives in our 2021 Global HSE Business. 
Plan was our COVID-19 Crisis Management Response. We continued our COVID-19 response hub to provide sites with protocols to monitor public health guidance, update local prevention plans, report to leadership and participate in crisis management debriefs.
24. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment


Creating a Culture of Health and Safety. 
Alcon provides health and safety training for our associates (corporate and site level), third-party personnel, contractors and visitors. This training is developed and rolled out to meet regulatory requirements, align with business needs and equip personnel to perform their job functions.
We encourage our associates and partners to report unsafe conditions and behaviors in accordance with our Speak Up for. 
Safety culture, outlined in our Code of Business Conduct.
9 Good catches refer to observations of at-risk behaviors or conditions with the potential to cause an adverse impact. Near misses refer to events that happened, but, fortunately, no injury or adverse impact occurred. Incidents refer to events that occurred causing injury, illness or adverse impact.
10 TRCR represents the frequency of recordable cases (injury and illness) for all Alcon associates and third-party personnel. It is calculated as follows: number of all work-related recordable cases divided by the number of hours worked by Alcon associates and third-party personnel and multiplied by 200,000.
11 Data restated due to Commercial Operations added.
12 LTIR represents the frequency of work-related lost time cases (injury and illness). It is calculated as follows: the total number of work-related cases of injury or illness with lost time divided by number of hours worked by Alcon associates and third-party personnel and multiplied by 200,000.

Associates can report any actual or perceived problems to management through HSE Net — an application to report good catches, near misses and incidents.9 Our management teams and associates promptly correct potential hazards in the workplace to maintain a safe work environment.
Contractor Safety. 
Alcon conducts third-party contractor health and safety assessments before starting projects. The Contractor Safety. 
Management standard also requires a pre-qualification process for new contractors when they perform a scope 
of work identified as high risk or activities that may have the potential for injury. Active contractors must annually register for renewal and complete an HSE refresher training with the third-party contractor management provider. We also audit contractor activities onsite and evaluate contractors’ compliance with our HSE requirements.
Employee Safety 2019 2020 2021. 
Employee total recordable case rate (TRCR)10 0.4811 0.42 0.55. 
Employee lost time incident rate (LTIR)12 0.10 0.10 0.19 25. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment


26. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Sustainable Products and Services 13 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.
We evaluate products and materials against HSE compliance, safety and sustainability metrics. Ophthalmology and optometry often require disposable, single-use medical devices and products to protect patient safety and minimize the risk of infection. Rising to the challenge of balancing single- use products with our environmental impact demands that sustainability is an integral part of the R&D process. Minimizing energy use, reducing packaging and post-consumer waste and increasing the use of recycled materials are some areas where we are working to advance the environmental performance of our products and services.
In 2021, we introduced a new process and internal standard for the R&D design phase — read more on our Environmental. 
Sustainability Scorecard. We also launched our global Green. 
Innovations Surgical Team (GreenIST) to identify opportunities to increase sustainability measures and reduce waste for commercialized products within our Surgical franchise. For example, we introduced a centralized process for handling used equipment in all E.U. markets, including repairing and repurposing used equipment through a robust certification process for continued use. Where possible, we also provide in-house repairs using recycled spare parts. We aim to return 100% of used equipment (wherever possible) to the market as certified equipment and repair 100% of core-spare parts. In the future, we will incorporate processes and best practices into other markets.
Chemicals of Concern. 
Alcon strives to reduce and eliminate the impact of chemicals of concern in our products and comply with chemical regulations, including the E.U. Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and. 
Restriction of Chemicals; E.U. Medical Device Regulation;
California Proposition 65; Toxic Substances Control Act; and E.U.
Restriction of Hazardous Substances. We continuously monitor changes in global environmental regulations and collaborate internally to improve the environmental performance of our products. We also work closely with our suppliers to implement upstream compliance.
Product Design and Lifecycle Management 2019 2020 2021. 
Devices and equipment reused, recycled or donated (metric tons [MT]) 131 8513 108. 
Pursuing Greener Shipping. 
In 2021, GreenIST led an initiative in the U.S. to replace packaging Styrofoam for shipping ophthalmic viscosurgical devices with an environmentally friendly. 
Green Cell Foam, eliminating more than 12,800 pounds of waste annually. This foam is certified compostable, providing cushioning and thermal insulation to protect our products in transit to customers and patients.


27. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Environmental Sustainability Scorecard. 
Sustainability is a core aspect of new product development at Alcon. We factor ESG into the earliest stages of our R&D process for new development through our Environmental. 
Sustainability Scorecard. This means that from the time we begin working on new products through lifecycle management, teams across the company are using this scorecard to proactively generate more sustainable product ideas that meet or exceed our efficiency and cost expectations.
We initially developed and piloted our scorecard with several product development teams in 2020. Then, in 2021, a cross-functional team of associates and leadership from across the business came together to develop and launch an improved scorecard that is fully embedded into our enterprise stage-gate process. This scorecard evaluates new and existing products against sustainability KPIs, such as water and energy use, GHG emissions and waste generated. It allows us to determine the sustainability impact of products long before production and make improvements before launch.
In 2022, we aim to implement the scorecard across all early- stage R&D projects.
“By identifying opportunities at the very beginning of our R&D process, we can improve the environmental impact of our products throughout their lifecycle.”
Franck Leveiller,
CHIEF SCIENTIFIC OFFICER AND SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD OF GLOBAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT


Alcon’s Johor, Malaysia Manufacturing Site 28. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint. 
Alcon sets annual targets for waste, energy and water reduction projects and monitors the results of our ongoing initiatives so we can continually reduce our environmental footprint. In 2021, we embedded an environmental impact assessment into our manufacturing capital investment approval process, recognizing opportunities to address our impacts during the planning stage of projects. In 2022, we added new enterprise-wide goals to further reduce our operational footprint.
Our senior leadership team and Board of Directors meet regularly to review, discuss, manage and mitigate business and financial performance risks, including environmental risks. We consider these risks in our operating and investment decision- making process in all aspects of our business.
Environmental Policies. 
Our manufacturing sites and products comply with all applicable legal regulations. In addition, we have implemented standards and policies covering our environmental footprint across all operations, activities and products under Alcon’s operational control, such as our HSE Compliance Management. 
Policy and Energy and Waste Management Standards.
Please see the Index for a full list and descriptions of our environmental policies.
Our Goals By 2030, Alcon will divert 100% of nonhazardous waste generated at manufacturing sites and distribution centers from landfill.


29. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment. 
Polypropylene Molds as Raw Material. 
Polypropylene (PP) molds are single-use components used in making contact lenses. Typically, these molds must be discarded after producing one contact lens. To improve product circularity, associates at our Grosswallstadt, Germany, facility designed a process for collecting used PP molds, shredding them and transferring them into silos, allowing the molds to be reused as a raw material input for making industrial pipe flanges. This process enabled Alcon to reuse approximately 1,000 MT of PP in 2021.
GreenCircle Certification for Zero Waste to Landfill Manufacturing Facilities. 
In 2022, three of our facilities — two in Fort Worth, Texas, and one in Singapore — received the. 
GreenCircle zero waste to landfill certification for diverting 100% of total waste from landfills. With this achievement, Alcon became the first healthcare company to be GreenCircle certified for zero waste to landill operations.
Disposal. 
Incineration. 
Recycle. 
Reuse. 
Source Reduction/Prevention. 
Package redesign and reduction. 
Elimination of toxic materials. 
Reduce non-recyclable materials. 
Materials substitution. 
Maximize reuse of materials and products. 
Repair, refurbish and repurpose for alternative uses. 
Reusable/returnable packaging. 
Cardboard, glass, metal, paper, wood. 
Composting. 
Separation and segregation. 
Incineration with and without energy recovery. 
Maximize materials recovery (solvent)
Anaerobic digestion. 
Landfill. 
Waste. 
In working toward a circular economy, Alcon seeks ways to minimize waste creation at our manufacturing sites.
We recently set our sights on a goal to divert 100% of non- hazardous waste generated at manufacturing sites and distribution centers from landfills by 2030. We establish site- level annual targets for waste reduction and reuse resources, recycle waste and implement measures to generate less hazardous waste and divert non-hazardous waste from landfills, where possible.
In 2021, we recycled approximately 76% of our operational waste. Waste generated at our sites is properly stored, treated and disposed of in compliance with federal and local 14 Manufacturing and Technical Operations sites only.
15 Rounded. 2019 values are also restated due to improvements in our sites’ data collection and verification processes.
16 2020 values are restated due to improvements in our sites’ data collection and verification processes.
regulations. Because our total operational waste consists of both hazardous and non-hazardous waste, we established a company-wide waste policy that prohibits sending hazardous waste to landfills, where applicable. Local regulations take precedence over the policy if there is a requirement for disposal to landfill.
Our Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill guidance document defines the scope and requirements for our sites to minimize or eliminate waste streams and defines our waste management hierarchy. Currently, 70%14 of our manufacturing sites are 100% landfill-free for non-hazardous waste disposal.
In 2021, we completed reduction or elimination projects resulting in approximately 260 MT of waste elimination.
Additionally, our sites diverted 1,165 MT of waste from landfill to recycling and recycling to raw material input.
Our hazardous waste increased by 37% compared to our 2019 baseline due to an increase in expired product disposal.
Our non-hazardous waste decreased by 9% compared to our 2019 baseline, driven by ongoing site initiatives.
Waste Management 201915 202016 2021. 
Total waste generated (MT) 46,578 45,294 51,782. 
Total hazardous waste (MT) 20,526 24,112 28,154. 
Total non-hazardous waste (MT) 26,051 21,182 23,628


Our Goals By 2030, Alcon will achieve carbon neutrality across global operations (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions).
 7% decrease in energy intensity compared to our 2019 baseline.
Climate Change and GHG Emissions. 
Climate change poses unique challenges to companies across the globe. Alcon monitors and addresses business risks associated with climate change, including physical risks and transition risks. By 2030, we are committed to being carbon neutral across our global operations (Scope 1 and. 
Scope 2 emissions).
One way we are addressing climate change is by reducing our. 
GHG emissions. In 2021, our total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions were 309,08317 MT CO2e, measured on an absolute basis using a market-based approach. Compared to our 2019 baseline, Scope 1 emissions decreased by approximately 5%, and Scope 2 emissions decreased by approximately 12%. In 2021, we completed an inventory of our Scope 3 emissions for our 2019 baseline year, 1,232,428 MT CO2e.
We will continue to seek ways to reduce emissions across our value chain.
17 Our Manufacturing and Technical Operations sites in Europe purchased renewable energy, resulting in zero net Scope 2 emissions.
18 Calculated using Scope 1 emissions.
19 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.
20 Calculated using Scope 2 emissions.
21 Calculated using the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency GHG Equivalencies Calculator.
22 Data restated due to improvements in our sites’ data collection and validation processes.
GHG Emissions 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 346,435 327,882 309,083. 
GHG emissions intensity ratio — onsite generated energy (t/TJ)18 56 19 5519 55. 
GHG emissions intensity ratio — purchased energy (t/TJ) 20 14019 13919 126. 
Energy. 
We improve energy efficiency across our operations using renewable energy and energy-saving projects. In 2021, we completed 41 energy-saving projects, including solar array and LED light installations, air handling unit replacements and autoclave cycle reductions. These projects resulted in an estimated energy savings of approximately 42,700 gigajoules (GJ) and avoided approximately 8,400 MT21 of CO2e. One project included installing solar panels at our manufacturing site in Johor, Malaysia, generating 16,880 GJ of renewable energy.
In 2021, our energy intensity decreased by approximately 7% compared to our 2019 baseline. Energy consumption also decreased by 49,451 GJ despite producing more units than in prior years.
Energy Management 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy usage intensity (GJ/million units produced) 74222 791 691 30. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment


Water. 
Water is an essential component in the creation of our products. As we expanded our contact lens manufacturing platform this year, we focused on maximizing water efficiency and increasing water recycling and reuse. Although our overall water intensity increased by 2% compared to our 2019 baseline, our year-over-year water intensity decreased by approximately 10%, even with a 5% increase in year-over-year absolute water consumption.
To reduce our water consumption, we focus on water reuse and recycling. In 2021, we implemented 17 water-saving projects at our sites, including a cooling tower optimization, reduced irrigation in landscaping and the installation of a rainwater reuse system. These projects collectively saved approximately 134 megaliters of water. One project at our contact lens manufacturing facility in. 
Batam, Indonesia, involved substituting the use of city water for gardening and toilet flushing with reverse osmosis and ultra-filtration reject water from water treatment systems. As a result of this project, we expect to save approximately 2.1 megaliters (ML) of water annually at the site. In addition to implementing water optimization and efficiency projects, our Vision Care and aseptic sites completed an independent water conservation and efficiency assessment, leading to a three-year action plan to improve water use efficiency at our sites.
Water Management 2019 2020 2021. 
Total water input (ML/million units produced) 1.1323 1.28 1.15. 
Total water withdrawal from all areas (ML) 4,458 4,640 4,864 23 Restated due to improvements our sites’ data collection and verification processes.
31. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Protecting Our Environment


Supporting People. 
At the heart of our work to help people See Brilliantly is a best-in-class workforce of more than 24,000 associates around the world who are creating a thriving, inclusive culture. We attract and support talent through competitive pay and benefits, training and development programs and engagement opportunities.
Talent Attraction and Retention 33. 
Engagement 34. 
Training and Development 35. 
Diversity and Inclusion 36. 
Associate Well-Being 39


Talent Attraction and Retention 25 Total turnover rate in 2019 was calculated manually, due to the transition to a new human resources software application for our associates in the U.K. and Ireland in October 2019.
Alcon recognizes talent is what drives our company’s performance and fosters our inclusive culture. Our social mission and culture enhance our global recruiting capabilities.
We are proud that Alcon continued to be a top employer of choice in 2021: • Certified Great Place to Work in the U.S., Ireland,
Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia, Australia and. 
New Zealand • Recognized as a Top Employer in Brazil, France, Poland,
Russia, Spain and Switzerland • Alcon Singapore named one of Singapore’s Best Employers by The Straits Times • Recognized as a DiversityInc Top Noteworthy Company • Designated as a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality through the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s. 
Corporate Equality Index. 
Talent attraction and retention are monitored and managed by our Vice President of Culture, Capability and Talent and our. 
Vice President of Global Talent Acquisition and Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer, who report directly to the Chief. 
Human Resources Officer. Annual enterprise talent and succession updates, including culture, inclusion and diversity initiatives, are given to the Board of Directors and the. 
Compensation Committee.
We measure our retention against external benchmarks to compare and monitor ourselves against top-performing companies. Even as market and economic factors resulted in increased turnover global rates in 2021, Alcon has maintained retention rates better than the top-quartile pharmacuetical/ medical device benchmarks.
Turnover Rates 2019 2020 2021. 
Total turnover rate 9.0%25 7.7% 11.4%
Voluntary turnover rate 6.0% 4.6% 7.8%
Alcon Blueprint. 
The Alcon Blueprint articulates our purpose, foundational principles and the values and behaviors that guide how we attract, develop and retain talent and shape our culture. Our success depends on the creativity, dedication and performance of our associates. That’s why we foster a performance-oriented, inclusive culture that encourages achievement through collaboration and innovation. We seek diverse talent who embody these values and contribute to a culture that enables our purpose. We provide meaningful work that unleashes the full potential of our associates by setting ambitious performance and career goals, offering personal and professional training and development opportunities and ensuring competitive compensation and benefits.
33. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


Engagement. 
Alcon has established a regular cadence of listening to associate feedback through our associate engagement survey called Associate Experience Dashboard (AED). The AED gauges associate sentiment on a variety of topics, including connection to purpose, ability to speak up, empowerment to make decisions and inclusion. The survey results help us improve the associate experience, understand how we execute organizational change and inform our talent strategy. We were pleased that our AED scores continued to outperform external global benchmarks throughout 2021.
Additionally, we implemented several leadership initiatives in support of the associate experience. For example, our Leading. 
Brilliantly forums brought together leaders to discuss and learn from each other on topics like Direct Access: Putting. 
Managers in the Driver’s Seat; Leading Brilliantly in a Feedback. 
Culture and Bringing Our Leader Expectations to Life. We also piloted a culture program called Elevate Brilliantly, which helps leaders and associates understand and live out our culture priorities: Ownership and Accountability, Speed and Simplicity and Inclusion. We are launching this program in 2022.
Our Workforce. 
In 2021, Alcon employed a total of 24,966 associates. Of that total, 23,867 associates (96%) were employed full-time and 1,099 associates (4%) were part-time. Additionally, 22,831 associates (91%) were permanent and 2,135 (9%) were temporary associates.
Benefits. 
Alcon offers competitive benefit packages in all markets where we do business. Our benefit programs provide security for life events through life and disability insurance, support saving for retirement, promote good health and well-being and support associates and their families during times of illness.
We offer medical, dental and vision healthcare plans and generous parental leave benefits. This includes telemedicine and telehealth visits supporting both physical and mental health and wellness. We also provide death, accidental death and paid short-term and long-term disability coverage. Our employee assistance program is available in 21 countries, offering 24/7 confidential assistance to deal with a variety of personal issues that could affect health, relationships and job performance. Additionally, we offer competitive pension and retirement benefits in many markets.
Workplace Flexibility. 
Workplace flexibility allows Alcon to accelerate business growth through our workforce by giving associates the freedom to optimize their work-life balance. It also allows us to tailor needs to our circumstances around the world. We offer many flexible work arrangements for our associates, including flex time and compressed work week.
34. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


Training and Development. 
We achieve success when our associates unlock their full potential. Alcon supports associates’ career goals and professional development through mentoring, coaching, training, leadership development programs and employee resource groups (ERGs).
Our ELT leads our annual goal-setting process at the beginning of the year, aligning annual goals with our company’s strategic priorities. Leaders ensure associates at all levels have clear expectations and individual development goals for the upcoming year.
We develop our training and leadership development programs both internally and externally and regularly assess the programs for effectiveness, relevancy and associate satisfaction. One example is our flagship program, BLUE: Building Leaders,
Unleashing Excellence, which was launched with senior leaders in 2021. BLUE is a yearlong development program for leaders to continue to build our leadership pipeline and is facilitated by Alcon’s ELT. In 2021, we also invested in an online learning platform to provide on-demand, self-paced learning opportunities for associates globally and launched new programs to support emerging people leaders.
35. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


Diversity and Inclusion. 
Our associates’ diverse backgrounds and perspectives enable us to see through our customers’ eyes so we can innovate and deliver exceptional patient outcomes, fulfilling our brand promise to help people See Brilliantly.
In 2021, we established our multi-year D&I strategy based on a comprehensive global assessment and our performance across core D&I areas, including talent management, talent acquisition, strategy, leadership development, engagement and ERGs. Along with our D&I strategy, we introduced our global D&I vision and commitments.
D&I Leadership. 
We founded our Executive Diversity and Inclusion Council in 2020 to provide guidance and decision-making related to our enterprise D&I strategy, remove barriers and provide regular D&I updates to the ELT and Board of Directors. Our council members represent gender, racial, ethnic and LGBTQ+ diversity and provide executive sponsorship for our ERGs. In 2021, we expanded council membership by adding leaders from major business lines and we expanded our D&I team.
Our D&I Strategy. 
Alcon’s multi-year strategy is rooted in pillars that organize our priorities and goals and guide our work: Fostering a Culture of Inclusion, Growing Our Diverse Talent and. 
Strengthening Impactful Connections.
In 2021, to support our strategy and ensure leadership accountability, we implemented new D&I metrics and launched functional dashboards for our executive-level leaders. These dashboards give leaders key information about the current diversity makeup of their teams and clear insight into opportunities to improve. The dashboards also include hiring, promotion and retention over time, as well as supplier diversity spend and the inclusion score from our associate engagement survey.
Each executive team member’s annual bonus is based on the achievement of company financial goals and individual goals, including D&I goals.
Our D&I Commitments. 
Honor and celebrate all dimensions of diversity. 
Foster a culture of inclusion founded in mutual respect. 
Hold ourselves accountable to diverse representation at all levels. 
Ensure fair treatment, equal opportunity and support to succeed and grow 36. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


Fostering a Culture of Inclusion. 
Our differences make us stronger and ultimately help us innovate better solutions for our customers and patients. To ensure diversity can thrive, we foster an inclusive environment where we act with respect, hold each other accountable and help one another. Our leaders and our associates are champions of our D&I work through functional D&I Councils,
D&I Ambassadors and ERGs. We believe the biggest advances will be made through individual accountability, education and examining our practices to ensure equal opportunity and inclusivity.
Alcon is committed to maintaining compensation policies and practices that reflect our company culture and ensure compliance with local regulations and laws. We conduct recurring pay equity analyses across gender, race and ethnicity and other diversity factors to identify potential disparities and make appropriate adjustments to ensure pay equity. We also conduct training and provide resources for leaders to advance their understanding of pay equity practices.
To establish a common baseline understanding of D&I and unconscious bias, all associates at all job levels globally receive D&I training. These training programs address various dimensions of diversity, including respect and civility, unconscious bias (more than 90% of global associates trained in 2021), cross-cultural competency and “marketing brilliantly,”
D&I training specific for marketing professionals. In 2021, we launched “How to Talk About...” guides to build our leaders’ and associates’ confidence and understanding of what to do and say in challenging D&I circumstances and conversations.
We have also invested in intensive executive-level training and learning experiences that uncover unconscious bias, promote empathy and understanding and build inclusive leadership capabilities.
Growing Our Diverse Talent. 
We aim to hire, inspire and develop diverse talent by removing barriers in our recruitment, development and advancement processes and by continuously monitoring and measuring our progress. We are working to increase diversity across all levels of our organization, especially in our leadership. To do so, we are focusing on diversity recruitment and development strategies. Some of our initiatives include reviewing job descriptions for inclusion, requiring a diverse slate of candidates for all U.S. roles, using interview panels to minimize unconscious biases and reviewing and ensuring diversity in leadership development programs.
We are committed to recruiting and hiring diverse talent based on market availability. In university recruiting, we source highly qualified diverse candidates for internships and early career opportunities. We are also focused on expanding our early career hiring opportunities through externships, increased entry-level hiring and additional rotational programs.
We have established programs to grow and retain diverse talent through internal development. In 2021, we implemented experience-based development plans with a focus on women and racial and ethnic minority associates in mid- to senior-level roles to ensure a diverse leadership pipeline. We leveraged external leadership development programs for diverse talent, which were sponsored by executive-level leaders.
37. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


Strengthening Impactful Connections. 
To impact more lives globally, we will continue to strengthen our internal and external relationships, empowering talent everywhere to create meaningful change. We are focused on igniting connections through our ERGs, special interest groups (SIGs), D&I Councils and external partnerships. Our. 
ERGs provide development opportunities for our associates and foster a sense of community and belonging. In 2021, we aligned our ERG annual action plans to our D&I strategy and. 
Alcon’s business priorities. Focusing these plans around the themes of career, culture of inclusion and community and commerce ensures our ERGs’ efforts create measurable, tangible impact for our associates, the communities we serve and our business.
Alcon has 11 ERGs and SIGs, which include 30 chapters throughout the enterprise, such as African Ancestry. 
Cultivating Excellence, Alcon Chinese Association, Latin. 
Employees at Alcon Driving Success, Military Affinity Group,
Open Professional Employee Network (LGBTQ+ and allies) and. 
Women Innovating Now.
For more information on our ERGs, see Winning in the. 
Workplace. Also, read about how our commitment to diversity extends through our supply chain in Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
“Our diverse culture makes us a stronger, more innovative company. We want everyone to feel empowered to bring their full self to work, and we are committed to creating awareness and challenging norms to be inclusive in every way.”
Kim Martin,
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF. 
HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER. 
Diversity Performance25 2019 2020 2021. 
U.S. Ethnic Diversity. 
Workforce 44% 47% 47%
Manager/Supervisor 26% 31% 32%
Global Female Representation. 
Workforce 47% 49% 48%
Manager/Supervisor 34% 34% 34% 25 Ethnic diversity metrics include American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander and two or more races.
38. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People


39. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Supporting People. 
Associate Well-Being. 
Health and wellness are critical to creating an energized and productive workforce, on and off the job. The Alcon Global. 
Wellness Committee is responsible for setting wellness program goals, creating initiatives and communicating the value and benefits of wellness programs to employees.
In 2021, we offered several wellness initiatives to achieve the highest level of health and well-being, such as health risk assessments, COVID-19 prevention measures and fitness for duty, virtual health programs, healthy eating options in the workplace and onsite medical clinics and health counseling.
This is in addition to our employee assistance program, which offers confidential assessments, short-term counseling, referrals and follow-up services for associates who have personal or work-related problems.


Working With Integrity. 
We are committed to doing business the right way, without exception. We extend this expectation to the distributors, suppliers and other business partners that support our work. Our responsibility to ethics, integrity, quality and safety is evident in our marketing and public policy practices and is essential to achieving sustainable growth.
Business Ethics 41. 
Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals 44. 
Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain 45. 
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 47. 
Public Policy and Political Influence 49


Business Ethics. 
Our 75-year reputation of trust is based on acting ethically and responsibly as we make decisions every day. We expect our associates (including part-time and contract workers), executives and Board of Directors to follow our Code of Business Conduct.
We expect our third-party business partners to follow similar principles stated in our Third Party Code of Conduct.
Under the oversight of the full Board of Directors, the Audit and Risk Committee supervises Alcon’s global integrity and compliance program, meeting quarterly to provide strategic direction and oversight on compliance-related issues. The program is led by our Global Head, Integrity and Compliance, and aligns with the guidance of the U.S. Department of. 
Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General.
Alcon’s framework for ethical governance covers behavioral expectations, associate training, monitoring, auditing, risk assessment, reporting and remedial action, which includes discipline when warranted. The program is designed to prevent, detect and mitigate compliance risks across Alcon. We have also established regional and country-level compliance committees to help oversee compliance and ethics at the local and regional levels.
Our Code of Business Conduct, available in 18 languages, establishes our standards of conduct and the shared responsibility for Alcon to act with integrity in the workplace, the marketplace and society. The importance of following the Code and speaking up is reiterated to associates in our mandatory annual training and certification process.
In 2021, we worked with Ethisphere to conduct an ethical culture assessment that collected associates’ feedback to measure their awareness and understanding of our integrity and compliance program. We benchmarked the results against industry peer data and made certain enhancements to our training and awareness activities. Going forward, we will also continue our practice of leveraging industry-standard benchmark data on an ongoing basis to evaluate and strengthen our program.
Alcon’s Third Party Code of Conduct establishes expectations for our third-party business partners regarding ethical conduct. It mirrors significant expectations stated in our Code of Business. 
Conduct. For example, our Code states we believe that all people should be treated with dignity and respect and recognize the importance of protecting human rights. Our Third Party 41. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


42. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity. 
Code of Conduct states our third-party business partners must be committed to upholding the human rights of workers and treating them with dignity and respect. It goes on to address more specific expectations with regard to employment and human rights laws, including protection from child labor, modern slavery and human trafficking. Read more about our expectations in Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
Our Code of Business Conduct addresses various topics, including a respectful and safe working environment, conflicts of interest management, proper data and resource management, books and records, quality products, ethical interactions and transactions, environmental sustainability, respect for human rights and fair labor standards, adherence to the law and company policies and the importance of speaking up about concerns.
For more information, please see our Responsible Business. 
Practices webpage, including our Modern Anti-Slavery. 
Policy, California Compliance Declaration and Conflict. 
Minerals Report.
Bribery and Corruption. 
Our Code of Business Conduct, Third Party Code of Conduct and Global Policy on Anti-Bribery prohibit bribery and corruption in any form and require compliance with all anti- corruption and anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign. 
Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws globally. To mitigate bribery risks, Alcon conducts risk-based screening and due diligence before engaging third parties.
Our third-party compliance processes also include mitigation requirements for identified risks and targeted, risk-based training, monitoring and auditing activities.
Fair Competition Practices. 
Alcon’s Code of Business Conduct, Third Party Code of Conduct and Global Policy on Fair Competition outline our expectations for fair business dealings consistent with applicable competition laws.
Monitoring Ethics Compliance. 
We conduct risk-based monitoring and auditing to assess the effectiveness of our integrity and compliance program.
We continually work to refine our program to address any gaps identified and risks triggered by changes in Alcon business activities and/or changes in external requirements.
We implement a risk assessment process at the enterprise and country levels to help identify and plan for mitigating potential risks. Additionally, we review Helpline reporting, investigation reports, regulatory enforcement actions and


audit findings to identify risks and/or remediation needs. Our internal Audit function periodically assesses compliance with our Code and ethics and compliance policies. We investigate all alleged violations of our Code and policies and take action to remediate them promptly.
Training and Awareness. 
Alcon has a robust training and awareness program to clearly communicate our expectations for ethical business practices to executives and associates — including new hires, part-time associates and contract workers. Our annual Code of Business. 
Conduct training covers topics addressed by the Code in rotation, such as anti-bribery, data protection and anti-trust and fair competition. Associates also complete additional periodic trainings on topics relevant to their roles and responsibilities, including on topics and requirements relevant at the regional and local levels.
Alcon regularly communicates with our associates to reinforce policy expectations through newsletters and messaging from leadership. In 2021, 98% of our associates (including contractors) completed our Code of Business Conduct training.
Full-time associates achieved a 99.5% completion rate.
Business Ethics 2019 2020 2021. 
Code of Business Conduct training completion rate 98% 97% 98%
Reporting Concerns. 
All associates are encouraged to ask questions and raise concerns about perceived unethical or inappropriate behavior.
They can report concerns to their manager, Human Resources,
Legal or Integrity and Compliance. They can also report through the Alcon Ethics Helpline, which is hosted externally by EthicsPoint and monitored 24/7 with telephone support.
The Helpline accepts anonymous reports where permitted under local law. All reports are reviewed and investigated promptly with oversight by the Integrity and Compliance department. If misconduct is found, we carry out appropriate corrective or disciplinary actions, up to and including termination of employment.
As stated in our Code of Business Conduct, we do not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports a concern in good faith or participates in investigations. For details on how to ask a question or report a concern, please visit the. 
Alcon Ethics Helpline.
Speak Up Culture 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of grievances filed per year 513 462 502 43. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals. 
We seek to promote our products and services ethically and accurately. The Lens, our global policy on professional practices, governs how we interact with healthcare professionals and others in positions of influence over healthcare purchasing decisions. The Lens features five core ethical principles, and its requirements are aligned with the principles of the medical device industry association codes that govern Alcon’s various regions, including AdvaMed, AbiMed,
APACMed and MedTech Europe.
Among other expectations, The Lens requires that all communications related to our products and services are accurate, truthful and appropriate for the intended context consistent with their approved use. Our promotional materials are reviewed and approved by appropriate Medical, Legal and Regulatory personnel before external use or distribution.
Off-label promotion of our products and services is strictly prohibited.
Alcon has implemented local procedures in each market or country cluster where we operate related to the following sections of The Lens: engagements with healthcare professionals, Alcon-organized events, funding for events organized by third parties, items of value and demonstration and evaluation products. These local procedures reflect differences among the markets’ legal and industry codes.
We require periodic training on The Lens for associates who interact with healthcare professionals and customers and other relevant roles. We also conduct periodic monitoring and auditing to assess compliance. Individual associates found to have violated applicable requirements are subject to discipline, up to and including termination, as warranted by the situation.
Ethical Marketing 2019 2020 2021. 
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims $0 $0 $0. 
The Lens 44. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain. 
Our stakeholders expect Alcon to deliver results and do things the right way throughout our supply chain. Our Procurement team and Integrity, Compliance and Quality functions evaluate suppliers for risks and other criteria, monitor our global supply chain to ensure continuity and respect for human rights, track and report on conflict minerals and drive collaboration with diverse suppliers. In 2021, we started working with EcoVadis, a leading provider of global business sustainability ratings, to track, manage and engage our suppliers around GHG emissions and other ESG-related KPIs.
Supplier Expectations and Audits. 
We expect our suppliers to meet delivery, cost, technical and regulatory requirements, and we evaluate new and existing suppliers based on these criteria. We conduct business reviews quarterly, semi-annually or annually, with critical suppliers undergoing a business review at least once a year.
All Tier 1 (critical) suppliers who follow FDA guidelines on. 
Good Manufacturing Practices (GxP) are subject to Alcon’s. 
Supply Quality audit program and required to maintain GxP certification — inclusive of independent third-party audits.
Suppliers are also required, as part of our Global Master. 
Service Agreement and electronic purchase orders, to comply with the standards outlined in the Alcon Third Party Code of. 
Conduct, which combines the United Nations (U.N.) Global. 
Compact, the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human. 
Rights and other international standards or accepted good practices. Our Third Party Code of Conduct is aligned with. 
Alcon’s Code of Business Conduct and covers ESG topics, including labor rights, health and safety, environment, animal welfare, anti-bribery and fair competition, data privacy and information protection, conflict minerals, management systems and trade sanctions and export controls. We also expect our suppliers to adopt standards for their third-party partners that broadly cover the same principles contained in our Third Party Code of Conduct.
Supply Chain Continuity and Safety. 
We use market intelligence providers to monitor global supply chain trends. We also have a track and trace program, which complies with global regulatory requirements to monitor end- to-end traceability and identification through all stages of manufacturing and distribution.
To maintain the safety and security of our supply chain, Alcon uses Unique Device Identifiers (UDI) on required medical device packaging and finished product-level serialization on all prescription drugs. Both the UDI and drug product serialization incorporate human- and machine-readable identification that provides enhanced product tracing at the customer level.
45. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


Critical Materials. 
Most critical materials and production processes used in manufacturing our products are dual-sourced. Our risk mitigation project team manages critical material risks in our supply chain. The supply risks most critical to Alcon include the raw material component supply to our second- and third-tier vendors. We conduct business with a wide range of suppliers, and our manufacturing operations are not overly dependent on a single supplier, except where intellectual property and/or other exclusivity agreements exist. Alcon also holds a strategic inventory of raw materials at our suppliers to further mitigate risk while continuously exploring alternative and substitute materials. In 2021, our annual spend with the largest direct material supplier to Alcon accounted for less than 3.2% of our total direct material expenditure.
Conflict Minerals. 
We evaluate our products annually to assess the presence and sources of conflict minerals. Our Conflict Minerals Core. 
Team uses standardized documentation to capture data, key decisions and processes and procedures related to the use and sources of conflict minerals. For more information, please see our Conflict Minerals Report.
We are improving our due diligence process by increasing supplier responses to our Reasonable Country of Origin 26 All Alcon production facilities are audited by third-party and regulatory notified bodies for ISO and other GxP compliance certification. Audit frequency and validity varies by audit type.
27 Alcon’s internal quality risk assessment determines the criticality of supplier (Tier 1) and thus triggers auditing requirements. Frequency and duration may vary. Alcon reserves the right to audit for cause (either directly or via third party) when infractions to agreed quality standards are found. In 2021, we conducted third-party manufacturing and product audits on 18% of our tier 1 suppliers. 100% of suppliers selected for audit participated.
28 We define small business enterprises as those that meet the size standards as prescribed in government regulations by the Small Business Association. The business may be a sole proprietorship.
Inquiry (RCOI) in terms of accuracy, timeliness and completeness. As a result of our increased diligence, our RCOI tracked 83% of our in-scope supplier spend in 2021.
Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain 2019 2020 2021. 
Facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality26 100% 100% 100%
Tier 1 supplier facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality27 100% 100% 100%
Supplier Diversity Program. 
Alcon identifies and collaborates with best-in-class diverse suppliers. To this end, we are committed to building a strong supplier diversity program in the U.S. by: • Expanding the inclusion of large and small diverse suppliers in the procurement process • Seeking diverse and small28 suppliers through outreach efforts • Communicating the value of suppliers • Leveraging supplier diversity results to meet internal and external goals • Measuring KPIs for supplier diversity quarterly and annually. 
As a member of the Dallas Fort Worth Minority Supplier. 
Development Council and the Women’s Business Council. 
Southwest, Alcon participates in various outreach activities to support our supplier diversity goals and objectives.
In 2021, our spending with diverse and small suppliers increased but made up a smaller percentage of our total supplier spend, decreasing from 14.2% in 2020 to 12.6%. To continue improving, we created a three-year supplier diversity roadmap in 2021, which we will implement in 2022.
Diverse Supplier Spend 2019 2020 2021. 
All diverse and small suppliers $226M $273M $300M. 
Minority-owned business enterprises $33M $41M $38M. 
Women-owned business enterprises $50M $69M $82M. 
Veteran-owned business enterprises $7M $9M $8M. 
Small business enterprises $199M $247M $274M. 
LGBTQ+-owned business enterprises $0.31M $0.34M $0.32M 46. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


Cybersecurity and Data Privacy. 
We protect sensitive data — especially data our customers entrust to us — through a centralized, layered (defense-in- depth) security framework and risk management program aligned with the National Institute of Standards and. 
Technology and ISO 27001 standards.
Alcon’s Chief Information and Transformation Officer leads our IT Security organization, reporting to the Audit and. 
Risk Committee of our Board of Directors twice a year on cybersecurity risks. Global IT security incident management and response is part of our enterprise crisis management, ensuring appropriate business-level communications and involvement in any significant cyber-related incidents.
Identified cybersecurity risks are addressed strategically through our cybersecurity maturity program. We test this process twice a year through cross-functional security tabletop exercises. Alcon executes third-party assessments of our IT. 
Security program annually against industry standards and industry peers. Results of these assessments drive strategic roadmaps for the IT Security program.
The Alcon Global Privacy Office (GPO), headed by Alcon’s. 
Global Head of Privacy, is responsible for our privacy policies, procedures and compliance. Our GPO, including the Global. 
Head of Privacy, the regional privacy officers and local privacy contacts, as part of the Legal and Compliance function, work closely with IT Security. We continually monitor compliance 47. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


48. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity with privacy-related laws in each of our markets around the globe, such as the Health Insurance Portability and. 
Accountability Act of 1996, General Data Protection. 
Regulation in Europe, California Consumer Privacy Act and other state privacy laws. Our Global Head of Privacy updates the Audit and Risk Committee of the Board of. 
Directors twice a year, and privacy compliance forms part of our ongoing enterprise risk management process.
Third-Party Risks. 
The IT Security organization manages third-party risk events and conducts vendor cybersecurity due diligence.
As part of the privacy program, the team, led by the. 
GPO, helps facilitate privacy assessments for Alcon’s partners and suppliers to further reduce risk. These assessments are based on the vendor’s risk level and conducted throughout our relationship with the third party. Additionally, we regularly execute targeted third- party assessments of our security controls and measure these assessments against industry standard maturity models to determine gaps in technology, process or staffing. We annually incorporate these insights into our. 
IT strategic plan and use them to drive improvements in the IT Security program.
Collection and Use of Personal Information. 
Our Global Policy on the Protection of Personal Data establishes minimum requirements for the fair and lawful collection, processing and handling of personal information. We provide clear and detailed notice, collect consent when required and only collect as much personal information as necessary for a specific purpose.
Security Awareness. 
Training and awareness are core aspects of our security framework. Associates are regularly informed of risks and protective actions to ensure a safe operating environment and the protection of Alcon’s information assets. Our privacy and cybersecurity training programs focus on responsibly and safely collecting, using and disclosing personal information. Our IT Security training covers topics such as phishing, credential management and secure file storage. Additionally, we have monthly security awareness communications, host special events like Cybersecurity Awareness Month and execute regular phishing prevention campaigns across the enterprise.
“Innovation and effective IT security are inextricably linked. We’re working across the business with a mindset of relentless continual improvement to protect the data that customers and other partners entrust to us.”
Sue-Jean Lin,
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND. 
CHIEF INFORMATION AND. 
TRANSFORMATION OFFICER


Public Policy and Political Influence. 
Being an ethical global citizen includes active and informed participation in policy discussions that impact our industry and our business. This work is essential to doing business the right way according to our purpose and values. Our Vice President of Government Affairs and Health Policy oversees public policy at Alcon, and our Code of Business Conduct outlines our policies for engaging with government and public officials.
We dialogue with policymakers and other external stakeholders to raise industry standards and advance our commitment to helping people See Brilliantly. We seek to identify, monitor and collaborate to shape public policies — such as regulations around market access and environmental and healthcare systems — that affect our ability to deliver our products to patients. For example, in 2021, as we faced new regulatory requirements on medical device imports and exports between the E.U. and Switzerland, we joined industry peers and engaged with Swiss authorities, patient groups, medical societies and others. As a result,
Swiss authorities agreed to revise guidelines and legislation, giving the industry additional time to transition to these new regulatory requirements. We were also able to ensure uninterrupted product availability for our Swiss customers and patients.
We are a member of many chambers of commerce and medical technology associations in our key markets.
To improve patient outcomes and healthcare system sustainability, we also provide data and insights to trade associations. We participate in the political process only through associates who are appropriately trained and follow designated company processes and applicable laws.
49. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Working With Integrity


2022 ESG Report 50. 
Serving Communities 51. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients 51. 
Protecting Our Environment 53. 
Supporting People 58. 
Working With Integrity 59. 
ESG Performance Data. 
Alcon measures our ESG performance in the areas most important to our stakeholders and business. Our KPIs are informed by the GRI, SASB and TCFD. Please note that the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted some of our ESG initiatives and performance in 2020 and 2021, which is reflected in our data.


51. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Serving Communities. 
Philanthropy 2019 2020 2021. 
Medical Missions29. 
Number of medical missions supported 529 151 73. 
Number of patients treated (including optometric and surgical care) 308,000 85,462 40,253. 
Number of surgeries 38,000 10,70030 11,080. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients. 
Medical Innovation 2019 2020 2021. 
R&D Productivity. 
Number of first-to-market launches 14 8 8. 
Number of product approvals (major markets)31 80 78 114 29 For safety reasons, Alcon does not support medical missions to countries with U.S. State Department Level 4 travel advisories. The number of medical missions supported includes only medical missions supported by Alcon Cares. In 2020 and 2021, COVID-19 presented challenges to Alcon Cares product and equipment donations.
30 Restated to include all surgeries (cataract and other surgeries) volunteer surgeons performed.
31 Includes U.S., E.U., Canada, Japan, Brazil, Korea, Australia, China, Russia and India.


52. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Product Quality and Patient Safety 2019 2020 2021. 
Recall Rate32. 
Vision Care 0 0 0. 
Surgical 0 0.04%33 0.37%
Number of Recalls Issued. 
Number of FDA-initiated recalls 0 0 0. 
Percentage of recalls which were voluntary, FDA-requested or FDA-mandated 0 100% voluntary 100% voluntary. 
Quality Management System. 
Products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database 0 0 0. 
Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience 0 0 0. 
Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to violations of Current Good Manufacturing Practices 0 0 0. 
Access, Affordability and Pricing 2019 2020 2021. 
Relative Price Performance. 
Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases in the U.S. (for all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. Consumer Price Index 0.73 1.29 0.1034 32 Recall rate is defined as the number of units subject to recall per total sold globally, based on recall actions where there is a reasonable chance that a product will cause serious health problems, or where a product may cause temporary or medically reversible health problems or pose a slight chance of causing serious health problems.
33 Data restated due to improvement in our calculation methodology.
34 From December 2020 to December 2021, consumer prices for all items rose 7.0 percent, the largest December to December percent change since 1981. As such, the relative price performance in 2021 has decreased significantly from 2020.


Protecting Our Environment 53. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Health and Safety 2019 2020 2021. 
Employee Safety. 
Employee fatalities 0 0 0. 
Employee fatality rate 0 0 0. 
High-consequence work-related injuries and illnesses (excluding fatalities) 0 0 0. 
High-consequence work-related injuries and illnesses rate (excluding fatalities) 0 0 0. 
Recordable work-related injuries and illnesses (including fatalities) 13035 110 139. 
Recordable work-related injuries and illnesses rate (including fatalities) 0.4835 0.42 0.55. 
TRCR36 0.4835 0.42 0.55. 
LTIR37 0.10 0.10 0.19. 
Management walk-through rate38 20.58 23.76 21.13. 
Near miss and good catch rate39 35.74 27.97 29.14. 
Contractor Safety. 
Contractor fatalities 0 0 0. 
Contractor fatality rate 0 0 0. 
TRCR 1.0535 0.6835 0.54. 
LTIR 0.1735 035 0 35 Data restated due to Commercial Operations added.
36 TRCR represents the frequency of recordable cases (injury and illness) for all Alcon associates and third-party personnel. It is calculated as follows: number of all work-related recordable cases divided by the number of hours worked by Alcon associates and third-party personnel and multiplied by 200,000.
37 LTIR represents the frequency of work-related lost time cases (injury and illness). It is calculated as follows: the total number of work-related cases of injury or illness with lost time is divided by number of hours worked by Alcon associates and third-party personnel and multiplied by 200,000.
38 Management walkthrough rate is the number of HSE-related walk-throughs by management per 200,000 working hours for Alcon associates and third-party personnel.
39 Near miss and good catch rate is the number of near misses and good catches per 200,000 working hours for Alcon associates and third-party personnel.


54. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Sustainable Products and Services 2019 2020 2021. 
Product Design and Lifecycle Management. 
Devices and equipment reused, recycled or donated (MT) 131 8540 108. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy Management. 
Energy usage intensity (GJ/million units produced) 74241 791 691. 
Total fuel consumption — non-renewable sources (GJ) 1,077,731 1,073,230 1,104,907. 
Total fuel consumption — renewable sources (GJ) 306 283 1,129. 
Electricity consumption (GJ) 1,858,457 1,786,384 1,809,006. 
Steam consumption (GJ) 36,132 49,039 48,934. 
Electricity sold (GJ) 236 202 216. 
Total energy consumption within the organization (GJ) 2,936,257 2,859,695 2,914,826. 
Total reduction in energy consumption (GJ)42 N/A N/A 49,451. 
Emissions. 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 346,435 327,882 309,083. 
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 85,781 78,924 81,151. 
Location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 277,210 265,641 265,301. 
Market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 260,655 248,957 227,933 40 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.
41 Data restated due to improvements in our sites’ data collection and validation processes.
42 Compared to our 2019 baseline. Purchased electricity is included in this reduction.


55. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions intensity ratio — onsite generated energy (t/TJ)43 5644 5544 55. 
GHG emissions intensity ratio — purchased energy (t/TJ)45 14044 13944 126. 
Production, imports and exports of ODS (tR11e) 0.77 0.73 0.57. 
Waste Management. 
Total waste generated (MT) 46,57846 45,29446 51,782. 
Total hazardous waste (MT) 20,52646 24,11246 28,154. 
Total non-hazardous waste (MT) 26,05146 21,18246 23,628. 
Total Waste Diverted from Disposal. 
Total waste diverted from disposal (MT) 34,963 36,829 42,024. 
Hazardous waste diverted from disposal (MT) 20,174 23,834 27,795. 
Hazardous waste recycled — offsite (MT) 20,124 23,783 27,744. 
Hazardous waste diverted through other operations — offsite (MT) 49.46 50.79 51.65. 
Non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal (MT) 14,789 12,995 14,228. 
Non-hazardous waste recycled — offsite (MT) 13,283 11,062 11,615. 
Non-hazardous waste diverted through other operations — offsite (MT) 1,506 1,933 2,613 43 Calculated using Scope 1 emissions.
44 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.
45 Calculated using Scope 2 emissions.
46 Restated due to improvements in our sites’ data collection and verification processes.


56. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Waste Directed to Disposal. 
Total waste directed to disposal (MT) 11,615 8,465 9,759. 
Hazardous waste directed to disposal (MT) 353 278 359. 
Hazardous waste incinerated with or without energy recovery — offsite (MT) 47 340 275 N/A. 
Hazardous waste incinerated with energy recovery — offsite (MT) N/A N/A 253. 
Hazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery — offsite (MT) N/A N/A 106. 
Hazardous waste landfilled — offsite (MT) 12.80 2.47 0. 
Total non-hazardous waste directed to disposal (MT) 11,262 8,187 9,400. 
Non-hazardous waste incinerated with or without energy recovery — offsite (MT)48 8,382 5,956 N/A. 
Non-hazardous waste incinerated with energy recovery — offsite (MT) N/A N/A 6,590. 
Non-hazardous waste incinerated without energy recovery — offsite (MT) N/A N/A 993. 
Non-hazardous waste landfilled — offsite (MT) 2,881 2,231 1,818 47 In 2021, we started tracking hazardous waste incinerated with and without energy as separate metrics.
48 In 2021, we started tracking non-hazardous waste incinerated with and without energy as separate metrics.


57. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Reducing Our Operational Footprint 2019 2020 2021. 
Water Management. 
Total water input (ML/million units produced) 1.1349 1.28 1.15. 
Total water withdrawal from all areas (ML) 4,458 4,640 4,864 49 Data restated due to improvements in our calculation methodology.


58. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Supporting People. 
Talent Attraction and Retention 2019 2020 2021. 
Turnover Rates. 
Total turnover rate 9.0%50 7.7% 11.4%
Voluntary turnover rate 6.0% 4.6% 7.8%
Diversity and Inclusion 2019 2020 2021. 
Global Female Representation. 
Workforce 47% 49% 48%
Manager and supervisor 34% 34% 34%
Board of directors51 30% 30% 30%
U.S. Ethnic Diversity52. 
Workforce 44% 47% 47%
Manager and supervisor 26% 31% 32% 50 Total turnover rate in 2019 was calculated manually, due to the transition to a new human resources software application for our associates in the U.K. and Ireland in October 2019.
51 Includes the Alcon Board of Directors and Compensation Committee.
52 Ethnic diversity metrics include American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander and two or more races.


59. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Working With Integrity. 
Business Ethics 2019 2020 2021. 
Code of Conduct and Speak Up Culture. 
Code of Business Conduct training completion rate (associates and contractors) 98% 97% 98%
Number of grievances filed per year 513 462 502. 
Bribery and Corruption. 
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption (in millions) $0 $8.93 $0. 
Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals 2019 2020 2021. 
Ethical Marketing. 
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims $0 $0 $0


60. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report ESG Performance Data. 
Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain 2019 2020 2021. 
Supplier Sustainability. 
Facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality53 100% 100% 100%
Tier 1 suppliers’ facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality54 100% 100% 100%
Diverse Supplier Spend. 
All diverse and small suppliers $226M $273M $300M. 
Minority-owned business enterprises $33M $41M $38M. 
Women-owned business enterprises $50M $69M $82M. 
Veteran-owned business enterprises $7M $9M $8M. 
Small business enterprises $199M $247M $274M. 
LGBTQ+-owned business enterprises $0.31M $0.34M $0.32M 53 All Alcon production facilities are audited by third-party and regulatory notified bodies for ISO and other GxP compliance certifications. Audit frequency and validity varies by audit type.
54 Alcon’s internal quality risk assessment determines the criticality of suppliers (Tier 1) and thus triggers auditing requirements. Frequency and duration may vary. Alcon reserves the right to audit for cause (either directly or via third party) when infractions to agreed quality standards are found. In 2021, we conducted third-party manufacturing and product audits on 18% of our Tier 1 suppliers. 100% of suppliers selected for audit participated.


ESG Reporting Frameworks. 
SASB Index 62. 
GRI Index 63. 
TCFD Disclosure 72


62. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
SASB Index. 
Topic Accounting Metric Alcon’s Response. 
Affordability and Pricing. 
HC-MS-240a.1 Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. Consumer Price Index See ESG Performance Data (Access, Affordability and Pricing).
HC-MS-240a.2 Description of how price information for each product is disclosed to customers or to their agents. 
See Access, Affordability and Pricing. Note: disclosure does not include whether the range, median or typical price are provided to customers or the frequency of use of confidentiality clauses in purchasing agreements with heathcare providers that restrict them from sharing with third parties the price they paid.
Product Safety. 
HC-MS-250a.1 Number of recalls issued; total units recalled See ESG Performance Data (Product Quality and Patient Safety).
HC-MS-250a.2 List of products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database See ESG Performance Data (Product Quality and Patient Safety).
HC-MS-250a.3 Number of fatalities related to products as reported in the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience See ESG Performance Data (Product Quality and Patient Safety).
HC-MS-250a.4 Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) by type See ESG Performance Data (Product Quality and Patient Safety).
Ethical Marketing. 
HC-MS-270a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims See ESG Performance Data (Ethical Marketing and Interactions with Healthcare Professionals).
HC-MS-270a.2 Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off-label use of products See Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals.
Product Design and Lifecycle Management. 
HC-MS-410a.1 Discussion of process to assess and manage environmental and human health considerations associated with chemicals in products, and meet demand for sustainable products See Sustainable Products and Services.
HC-MS-410a.2 Total amount of products accepted for takeback and reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1) devices and equipment and (2) supplies See ESG Performance Data (Sustainable Products and Services).
Supply Chain Management. 
HC-MS-430a.1 Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality See ESG Performance Data (Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain).
HC-MS-430a.2 Description of efforts to maintain traceability within the distribution chain. 
See Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain. Note: disclosure does not identify the critical materials that present a significant risk to Alcon’s operations or the type of risk(s) they represent.
HC-MS-430a.3 Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials See Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
Business Ethics. 
HC-MS-510a.1 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption See ESG Performance Data (Business Ethics).
HC-MS-510a.2 Description of code of ethics governing interactions with healthcare professionals See Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals.
Activity Metrics HC-MS-000.A Number of units sold by product category Alcon does not disclose this data given the breadth and diversity of Alcon’s product portfolio. See About Alcon and our 2021 Annual Report for more information on our company’s scale.


63. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Index. 
General Disclosures. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
GRI 102:
General Disclosures 2016 102-1 Name of the organization Alcon Inc.
102-2 Activities, brands, products and services See our 2021 Annual Report (Market Overview, Portfolio Update and Business Overview).
102-3 Location of headquarters Geneva, Switzerland 102-4 Location of operations See our 2021 Annual Report (Property, Plants and Equipment).
102-5 Ownership and legal form Alcon is a public company traded on the New York Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange.
102-6 Markets served See our 2021 Annual Report (Market Overview and Business Overview).
102-7 Scale of the organization See About Alcon and our 2021 Annual Report.
102-8 Information on employees and other workers Alcon employed 24,966 associates in 2021. For more information, see Supporting People.
102-9 Supply chain See Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain There were no significant changes to the organization in 2021.
102-12 External initiatives We support the Innovative Health Initiative and are a partner of the World Economic Forum. Alcon also supports the AdvaMed Code of Conduct and various other country industry Codes of Conduct.
102-13 Membership of associates. 
Alcon is a member of many chambers of commerce and medical devices and pharmaceutical industry associations in key markets. Examples of our memberships include, AdvaMed, Medical Device Manufacturers Association, APACMed, MedTech Europe, Euromcontact, COCIR, Swiss Medtech, Swissholding, Consumer Health Products Association, Global Business Alliance, Contact Lens Institute, Healthcare Alliance for Patient Safety, The Vision Council, AdvaMed China and AbiMed Brazil.
102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker See Message from Our CEO.
102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior See Business Ethics and our Code of Business Conduct.
102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics See Business Ethics and our Code of Business Conduct.
102-18 Governance structure See the Governance page of our website.
102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics See Our Approach to Sustainability.


64. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
GRI 102:
General Disclosures 2016 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Alcon has separate Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board positions. See the Board of Directors page of our website for more information.
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body See the Governance and Nominating Committee charter.
102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting The Governance and Nominating Committee of Alcon’s Board of Directors reviewed and approved this report.
102-40 List of stakeholder groups See our 2021 Annual Report (page iii).
102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 11.28% of our associates were covered by collective bargaining agreements in 2021.
102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Alcon’s ESG Working Group is responsible for identifying and engaging stakeholders on sustainability-related matters.
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Alcon’s ESG Working Group is responsible for identifying and engaging stakeholders on sustainability-related matters.
102-44 Key topics and concerns raised See Our ESG Reporting.
102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements See our 2021 Annual Report for a list of all entities included in our consolidated financial statements.
102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries See Our ESG Reporting.
102-47 List of material topics See Our ESG Reporting.
102-48 Restatements of information Restatements of information are documented in footnotes throughout our Corporate Responsibility Report.
102-49 Changes in reporting We have not made any significant changes in reporting for 2021.
102-50 Reporting period This report covers Alcon’s operations from January 1, through December 31, 2021, unless otherwise indicated.
102-51 Date of most recent report This is Alcon’s most recent Corporate Responsibility Report.
102-52 Reporting cycle Annual 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report Please email the Investor Relations team at investor.relations@alcon.com.
102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards We referenced the GRI Standards in the development of this Corporate Responsibility Report.
102-55 GRI content index This is the GRI content index.
102-56 External assurance Alcon is not currently conducting external assurance of our Corporate Responsibility Report.


65. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Material Topics. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
Business Ethics. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Business Ethics.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Business Ethics.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Business Ethics.
GRI 205: AntiCorruption 2016 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures See Business Ethics.
Energy Efficiency & GHG Reduction. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Energy and Climate Change and GHG Emissions).
103-2 The management approach and its components See Environmental Management System and Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Energy and Climate Change and GHG Emissions).
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Energy and Climate Change and GHG Emissions).


66. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
GRI 302: Energy 2016 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization. 
Total fuel consumption within the organization from non-renewable sources: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Total fuel consumption within the organization from renewable sources: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Electricity consumption and steam consumption: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Electricity Sold: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Total energy consumption within the organization: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used: The data collection and data management procedures criteria are established with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative’s guidelines.
Source of the conversion factors used: Transformation between volume and mass of fuels with standard densities from IEA; Transformation between volume / mass and energy content of fuel with calorific values from IEA, World Coal Org., U.S. Bio Diesel Board and Plastics Europe.
302-3 Energy intensity. 
Energy intensity ratio for the organization: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio: Million units produced.
Types of energy included in the intensity ratio; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all: Energy generated from fossil fuels, purchased electricity.
Whether the ratio uses energy consumption within the organization, outside of it, or both: Within the organization.
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption. 
Total reduction in energy consumption achieved through conservation and efficiency initiatives: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Energy Management).
Types of energy included in the reductions; whether fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, steam, or all: Purchased electricity. 
Base year for calculating reductions in energy consumption: 2019.


67. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions. 
Gross direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Emissions).
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O.
Base year for the calculation: 2019.
Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) based on a 100-year timeframe, GHG protocol GWP Values, EPA eGrid factors.
Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control: Operational control.
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used: Alcon reports GHG and ODS inventory and emissions in line with the GRI Guidelines and the GHG emissions in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol.
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions. 
Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Emissions).
Gross market-based energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions in metric tons of CO2 equivalent: See Reducing Our Operational Footprint page (GHG Emissions).
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O.
Base year for the calculation: 2019.
Source of the emission factors and the global warming potential (GWP) rates used, or a reference to the GWP source: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) based on a 100-year timeframe, GHG protocol GWP Values, EPA eGrid factors.
Consolidation approach for emissions; whether equity share, financial control, or operational control: Operational control.
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used: Alcon calculates and reports GHG inventory and emissions in line with the GRI Guidelines and the GHG emissions in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol.
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions In 2021, we completed an inventory of our Scope 3 emissions for our 2019 baseline year.
305-4 GHG emissions intensity. 
GHG emissions intensity ratio for the organization: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Emissions).
Organization-specific metric (the denominator) chosen to calculate the ratio: Terajoules.
Types of GHG emissions included in the intensity ratio (Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3): Scope 1 and 2 only. Note, Scope 1 excludes fleet emissions as there is no energy consumption.
Gases included in the calculation: CO2, CH4, N2O.


68. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
Production, imports and exports of ODS: See ESG Performance Data (Reducing Our Operational Footprint: Emissions).
Substances included in the calculation: HCFCs.
Source of the emission factors used: ODS Transformation Factors for HFCs, CFCs, HCFCs and Halons (GHG Factors) as defined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) for a 100-year time horizon).
Standards, methodologies, assumptions and/or calculation tools used: Alcon calculates and reports GHG inventory and emissions in line with the GRI Guidelines and the GHG emissions in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol.
Operational Waste Reduction. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Waste).
103-2 The management approach and its components See Enviornmental Management System and Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Waste).
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Reducing Our Operational Footprint (Waste).
GRI 306: Waste 2020 306-3 Waste generated See ESG Performance Data (Reducing our Operational Footprint: Waste Management).
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal See ESG Performance Data (Reducing our Operational Footprint: Waste Management).
306-5 Waste directed to disposal See ESG Performance Data (Reducing our Operational Footprint: Waste Management).
Talent Attraction, Retention and Employee Well-Being. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting, Talent Attraction and Retention and Engagement.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Talent Attraction and Retention and Engagement.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Talent Attraction and Retention and Engagement.
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover See Talent Attraction and Retention and ESG Performance Data (Talent Attraction and Retention).
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees. 
In the U.S., all regular associates working at least 20 hours a week are eligible for all benefits including paid parental leave. Regular associates working less than 20 hours per week are eligible to participate in Alcon’s U.S. retirement plans but are not entitled to other benefits. Temporary employees are not eligible for U.S. benefits. Outside the U.S., there are some limited differences in benefits for full-time vs. part-time regular employees but this is country- and benefit-specific. In addition, it is common practice to include fixed term temporary employees in Alcon’s benefit programs (this varies from country to country). See Talent Attraction and Retention and Engagement for information about our global benefits.


69. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
Diversity and Inclusion. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Diversity and Inclusion.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Diversity and Inclusion.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Diversity and Inclusion.
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees See ESG Performance Data (Diversity and Inclusion).
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Cybersecurity and Data Privacy.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Cybersecurity and Data Privacy.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Cybersecurity and Data Privacy.
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Alcon does not disclose this data as it is confidential and proprietary to the company.
Access, Affordability and Pricing. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Access, Affordability and Pricing.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Access, Affordability and Pricing.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Access, Affordability and Pricing.
N/A Access, Affordability & Pricing. 
Alcon discloses SASB metrics related to affordability and pricing. See ESG Performance Data (Access, Affordability and Pricing) for the ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases (for all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. CPI and for a description of how price information for each product is disclosed to customers or to their agents.


70. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
Ethical Marketing. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals.
N/A Ethical Marketing. 
Alcon discloses SASB metrics related to ethical marketing. Please see ESG Performance Data (Ethical Marketing and Interactions With Healthcare Professionals) for the total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims and a description of our code of ethics governing promotion of off-label use of products.
Medical Innovation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Medical Innovation.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Medical Innovation.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Medical Innovation.
N/A Medical Innovation We invested over $680 million to create innovative products that meet our customers’ and patients’ needs in 2021. See ESG Performance Data (Medical Innovation) for the number of first-to-market launches and product approvals.
Philanthropy. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Serving Communities.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Serving Communities.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Serving Communities.
N/A Philanthropy The Alcon Foundation and Alcon Cares donated more than $15 million in 2021. See Serving Communities and ESG Performance Data (Philanthropy) for more information on the number of medical missions, surgeries and patients supported.


71. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Alcon’s Response. 
Product Quality and Patient Safety. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Product Quality and Patient Safety.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Product Quality and Patient Safety.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Product Quality and Patient Safety.
N/A Product Quality & Patient Safety. 
Alcon discloses SASB metrics related to product safety. See ESG Performance Data (Product Quality and Patient Safety) for the number of recalls issued, number of products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database, number of facilities related to products as reported in the FDA manufacturer and user fatality device experience and the number of FDA-enforced actions taken in response to violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices.
Responsible Procurement and Management. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain.
N/A Responsible Procurement & Management. 
Alcon discloses SASB metrics related to supply chain management. See ESG Performance Data (Responsible Procurement and Supply Chain) for the percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ facilities participating in third-party audit programs for manufacturing and product quality, a description of efforts to maintain traceability within the distribution chain and a description of the management of risks associated with use of critical materials.
Sustainable Products and Services. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2017 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary See Our ESG Reporting and Sustainable Products and Services.
103-2 The management approach and its components See Sustainable Products and Services.
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach See Sustainable Products and Services.
N/A Sustainable Products & Services. 
Alcon discloses SASB metrics related to product design and lifecycle management. See ESG Performance Data (Sustainable Products and Services) for our process to assess and manage environmental and human health considerations associated with chemicals in products and the total amount of products accepted for takeback and reused, recycled or donated.


72. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
TCFD Disclosure. 
Our Board of Directors and executive leadership team oversee and manage our environmental risks and opportunities.
Governance. 
Board oversight: Our Board of Directors oversees environmental risks, including those related to energy use, carbon emissions and water resources. The Governance and Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing and providing guidance on the company’s climate change-related programs and policies as part of its wider sustainability oversight. Sustainability is a subject discussed at least annually by the full Board, and sustainability-related topics are a standing agenda item at Governance and Nominating Committee meetings.
Management oversight: Sustainability and environmental topics are integrated into our overall management model. Alcon’s Global Environmental Sustainability Committee is responsible for identifying and managing our environmental and social impacts, reporting to the ESG Steering Committee on an annual basis. This senior management team includes executives from across the business, including Legal, Innovation and Corporate Affairs and regularly discusses risks and opportunities related to environmental issues, and how to apply policies and strategies to address those in each aspect of the business. The ESG Steering Committee reports to our Governance and Nomination Committee on an annual basis.
Strategy. 
We are aware of the business risks from climate change, and we continuously monitor environment-related risks and opportunities that may impact our business over the short-, medium- and long-term. The nature of these risks depends on both the physical aspects of climate change as well as market regulations, pressure to reduce our carbon footprint and our ability to understand and respond to rapidly evolving developments. Our identified risks include the following:
Regulatory risks: We could be impacted by regulatory risks such as potential future carbon disclosure and compliance requirements. Possible carbon tax, or regulatory incentives to encourage the use of renewable energy could affect energy costs. Regulatory action can also include pressure to reduce the carbon footprint of specific medical devices as well as a greater focus on environmental considerations in manufacturing and responsible procurement.
Physical risks: The physical aspects of climate change can have an impact on our ability to continue operations. We regularly assess how potential business disruptions from extreme weather and natural disasters could impact our business. These risks and responses are reviewed as part of the overall sustainability risk evaluation.
Risks related to resource use: There is increasing scrutiny on the use of water in manufacturing and the amount of plastic waste. Pressure from regulators, consumers and other stakeholders to find alternatives or green solutions to reduce our use of natural resources is escalating. In 2021, we embedded our Environmental Sustainability Scorecard into our enterprise stage-gate process to evaluate new and existing products against sustainability KPIs. In 2022, we aim to implement the scorecard across all early stage R&D projects.
Opportunity to reduce costs and support reduction goals of partners: Cost savings for Alcon and our customers could be achieved through energy efficiency initiatives and efforts to reduce our use of raw materials in both device manufacturing and packaging. Additionally, energy consumption throughout our supply chain also has implications for climate change and product costs. In 2021, we started working with EcoVadis to track our suppliers’ ESG performance. This platform will also help us engage and encourage our suppliers to reduce energy consumption and emissions, lessen their use of resources and share best practices.
See Reducing Our Operational Footprint and Sustainable Products and Services for more information.
Risk Management. 
Our senior leadership team and Board of Directors are focused on managing and mitigating various risks to our business and financial performance, including environmental risks. Such risk management topics are reviewed and discussed on an annual basis among our leadership team across the entire organization. Consideration of such risks is implemented as part of operating and investment decision-making processes in all aspects of the business.
Metrics and Targets. 
We monitor and report our greenhouse gas emissions: • Scope 1 emissions: 81,151 MT of CO2 equivalent • Scope 2 emissions (market-based): 227,933 MT of. 
CO2 equivalent. 
By 2030, we are committed to being carbon neutral across our global operations (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions). We have also established site-level environmental goals at many of our facilities, including energy and carbon emission reduction goals. Additionally, in 2021, we completed an inventory of our Scope 3 emissions for our 2019 baseline year.


73. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Index. 
Environmental Policies • HSE Compliance Management Policy: Describes our approach to managing our HSE compliance obligations, as well as our interactions with governmental agencies regulating HSE aspects of our activities, operations and products.
• Air Permitting, Emissions and Prevention of Significant Deterioration Policy: Establishes procedures to permit and monitor sources of air emissions at our sites, as well as procedures to evaluate discharges and regulatory requirements and ensure compliance.
• Energy Management Standard: Describes our sustainable management principles for energy and related GHG emissions throughout all of our company’s activities.
• Waste Management Standard: Establishes minimum requirements for waste management programs at our sites, aiming for safe and sustainable waste management for all types of waste.
• Water Effluent Discharges Standard: Ensures that sanitary, process and stormwater discharges (effluents) from Alcon facilities comply with legal regulations.
• HSE Risk Management Standard: Outlines mandatory requirements for our locations to proactively identify and address internal and external HSE hazards and risks.
Disclaimer. 
About This Report. 
This report covers our business and does not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, our contractors, our customers, or other third parties, unless otherwise noted. All financial information is presented in U.S. dollars. The goals and projects described in this report are aspirational; as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these goals and projects will be met or successfully executed. Furthermore, data, statistics and metrics included in this report have not been prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards (IFRS), continue to evolve and may be based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not be considered guarantees and may be subject to future revision. This report uses certain terms, including those that the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, or others refer to as “material” to reflect the issues of greater importance or priorities of Alcon and our stakeholders. Used in this context, however, these terms are distinct from, and should not be confused with, the terms “material” and “materiality” as defined by or construed in accordance with securities, or other laws or as used in the context of financial statements and reporting. Finally, we did not seek, nor was there, external assurance from third parties with respect to the information contained in this report.
This report, which speaks only as of its date, is not comprehensive, and for that reason, this report should be read in conjunction with our 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F and subsequent interim financial reports, particularly the “Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” sections, all of which can be found at https:// investor.alcon.com/financials.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
This report contains, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as “anticipate,” “intend,” “commitment,” “look forward,” “maintain,” “plan,” “goal,” “seek,” “target,” “assume,” “believe,” “project,” “estimate,” “expect,” “strategy,” “future,” “likely,” “may,” “should,” “will” and similar references to future periods. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding our sustainability and diversity plans, developments, targets, goals, and expectations.
Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict such as: cybersecurity breaches or other disruptions of our information technology systems; compliance with data privacy, identity protection and information security laws; our ability to comply with the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and other applicable anti-corruption laws, particularly given that we have entered into a three-year Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice; our success in completing and integrating strategic acquisitions; the impact of a disruption in our global supply chain or important facilities; the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other viral or disease outbreaks; global and regional economic, financial, legal, tax, political and social change; Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the resulting global response; the commercial success of our


74. 
Caring for Our Customers and Patients Index Protecting Our Environment About Alcon ESG Performance Data Working With Integrity ESG Reporting Frameworks Supporting People Serving Communities Message From Our CEO 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report products and our ability to maintain and strengthen our position in our markets; the success of our research and development efforts, including our ability to innovate to compete effectively; pricing pressure from changes in third party payor coverage and reimbursement methodologies; ongoing industry consolidation; our ability to properly educate and train healthcare providers on our products; the impact of unauthorized importation of our products from countries with lower prices to countries with higher prices; our reliance on outsourcing key business functions; changes in inventory levels or buying patterns of our customers; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; our ability to service our debt obligations; the need for additional financing through the issuance of debt or equity; our ability to protect our intellectual property; the effects of litigation, including product liability lawsuits and governmental investigations; our ability to comply with all laws to which we may be subject; effect of product recalls or voluntary market withdrawals; the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system; the accuracy of our accounting estimates and assumptions, including pension and other post-employment benefit plan obligations and the carrying value of intangible assets; the ability to obtain regulatory clearance and approval of our products as well as compliance with any post-approval obligations, including quality control of our manufacturing; legislative, tax and regulatory reform; the ability of Alcon Pharmaceuticals Ltd. to comply with its investment tax incentive agreement with the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs in Switzerland and the Canton of Fribourg, Switzerland; our ability to manage environmental, social and governance matters to the satisfaction of our many stakeholders, some of which may have competing interests; the impact of being listed on two stock exchanges; the ability to declare and pay dividends; the different rights afforded to our shareholders as a Swiss corporation compared to a U.S. corporation; and the effect of maintaining or losing our foreign private issuer status under U.S. securities laws.
Additional factors are discussed in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 20-F. Should one or more of these uncertainties or risks materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of its filing, and we assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.