Baidu2021. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Make the complicated world simpler through technology


About This Report. 
Company Statement. 
Overview. 
Our Priorities. 
Our Performance. 
Our Practices. 
Baidu's ESG concept, management, initiative and performance. 
Baidu's ESG practices and highlight cases in 2021. 
Appendix. 
Reader Feedback Form. 
Table of Contents


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
About This Report About This Report — 01. 
Since 2020, Baidu has officially issued the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report, making this Report the third installment.
This Report is compiled in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide 2.0 issued by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the consultation documents on the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide and the relevant provisions of the Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (HKEX), the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards (GRI Standard) for Sustainability Reporting issued by the Global Sustainability Standard Board and the SASB Standards issued by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
For further details regarding our business ethics, privacy protection and data security, human capital, and low-carbon operations, please visit Baidu ESG website 1.
The data and information disclosed in this Report are from internal official documents and statistical reports of Baidu, covering all Baidu Core businesses from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.
This Report is available on our official website in simplified Chinese, traditional Chinese and English. Your feedback is always welcomed and appreciated, please email us at esg@baidu.com.
About This Report 1 https://esg.baidu.com/en


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Company Statement Company Statement— 02. 
Company Statement. 
In 2021, we faced multiple challenges, including the COVID-19 epidemic and floods. With the novel coronavirus variants ravaging many countries, the fight against COVID-19 remains both severe and complex. Henan was hit by unprecedented extreme heavy rainfall and abnormal weather conditions. As we enter a new and exciting era, the role that a company should play in society is undergoing a dramatic change.
Over the past year, we have continuously explored the ESG value in corporate governance, pursuing the new “intersection” of ESG value with an innovation-driven engine, as well as fulfilling our commitments to the environment and society. We hope that this ESG does not remain a strategic concept but a cornerstone and starting point of our culture and actions.
In 2021, whilst adhering to regular prevention and control measures, we used artificial intelligence (AI) to fight the epidemic together with the country and society in various new scenarios and Baidu became the only internet company named the Advanced Organization of Industrial and Information Systems to Fight the New Coronavirus Epidemic by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. In the summer of 2021, when Henan was lashed by record rainstorms, we donated RMB 90 million earmarked for disaster relief, mobilized netizens and supported public welfare organizations to help fight against the disaster. Baidu won the Capital Charity Award for charitable endeavors.
We have every confidence to achieve “dual carbon” goals, which are demanding commitments. In 2021, we announced our goal of achieving carbon neutrality at the Group level by 2030 and working with our ecosystem partners to achieve “zero-carbon growth” with AI. Baidu Yangquan Data Center was awarded the Carbon Neutral Data Center Leader (5A) certification, making it the first data center with the highest low-carbon level in China. We continuously explored pathways to reducing carbon emissions in businesses such as autonomous driving and intelligent transportation and refined them into methodologies and capabilities that are open to society.
The burgeoning stories from PaddlePaddle, a deep learning platform, inspire us to have more expectations for AI to create more social value. A 12-year-old girl, without any prior knowledge of programming, took online PaddlePaddle live courses and successfully developed an AI program that can check whether masks are worn properly, thus reducing the workload of the subway staff. For many years, we have been continually impressed with female developers, fine art majoring artists and engineers devoted to traditional manufacturing industries. As more and more women realize their dreams with technology, “her power” is shining ever more brightly.
As a high-tech company, Baidu does not only focus on business development, but also the pursuit of growth with industry and society. In 2021, Baidu ranked 1 st in China in terms of AI patent applications and grants for the fourth consecutive year as well as winning the second prize of the National Technological Invention Award for “Key Technology for Knowledge-enhanced Cross-modal Semantic Understanding”. We established a data management committee to strengthen supervision and ensure the information security of our users. We also used AI as an engine to facilitate the digital transformation and intelligent upgrading of industries, and to promote the integrated development of both the digital economy and the real economy. Baidu has pledged to nurture 5 million AI talents for society in the next five years and to make greater continuous contributions to the cultivation of national strategic scientific and technological force. We make these efforts to honor our inherent mission “to make the complicated world simpler through technology”.
This is an era defined by profound changes in technology and corporate management. We must stay well-positioned with patience to achieve broader ESG values as well as honor the responsibility of our times to promote common prosperity in the pursuit of high-quality development. This is the original aspiration behind this Report. It is the wish that Baidu's ESG actions be not only visible, but also persistent and sustainable. Only through doing this can it become part of our DNA to drive changes in the world with technology with a firm belief.
Robin Yanhong Li. 
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and. 
Co-founder


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
About Baidu — 03 Overview. 
Baidu is the world’s leading Chinese search engine, China’s leading information and knowledge-centered internet integrated service company, and also the world’s leading AI platform company.
Baidu was founded on January 1, 2000. Mr. Robin Yanhong Li, co-founder of Baidu, is the creator of visionary search technology Rankdex, a method of hyperlink analysis, which made China the fourth country in the world with core search technology, the other being the United States, Russia and South Korea. On a daily basis, Baidu responds to billions of search requests from more than 100 countries and regions, making it an important portal for access to Chinese information.
Based on the search engine, Baidu has developed an array of AI technologies such as intelligent voice, intelligent image, knowledge graph, and natural language processing. Over the past decade, Baidu has invested heavily in frontier fields ranging from deep learning and conversational AI operating system to autonomous driving and AI chips. Baidu has emerged as one of the few global providers of full-stack technologies including AI chips, software architecture and applications. Baidu is also rated, by multiple international organizations, as one of the top four AI companies in the world.
About Baidu. 
Overview billions of search requests from more than 100 countries and regions. 
On a daily basis, Baidu responds to


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Major ESG Honors— 04 Overview. 
Major ESG Honors in 2021. 
Baidu won the second prize of National Technological Invention Award for “Key Technology for Knowledge-enhanced Cross-modal Semantic Understanding”.
Baidu ranked 1 st in the number of global patent applications for deep learning according to the Deep Learning 2021 Patent Landscape released by Questel, the world’s leading intellectual property solutions provider.
Baidu ranked 1 st in the autonomous driving patent applications (by family) and 2 nd in the intelligent transportation patent applications (by family) in the world according to the Self-Driving Vehicles Patent Landscape Study released by Clarivate Analytics and reported by the Intellectual Asset Management (IAM), a leading international media agency on intellectual property.
Baidu won the China Patent Gold Award for Human-computer Interaction Methods and Systems Based on Artificial Intelligence (ZL201510563338.2).
Baidu was rated excellent for Data Security Governance Capability Assessment by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT).
Baidu was listed in the 2021 China’s Top 100 Enterprises with Comprehensive Competitiveness in Software and IT Service isssued by the China Federation of Electronics and Information Technology. 
Module 1# of the Baidu Yangquan Data Center was awarded the Carbon Neutral Data Center Leader (5A) by People’s Posts and Telecommunications Press, CAICT and the Open Data Center Committee (ODCC).
Baidu was awarded the New Star Award on Climate Change by the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP).
Baidu ranked 1 st in China and 18 th in the world for the 150 Most Influential Technology Companies 2021 according to the benchmark report on Data Inclusion by the World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA).
Baidu won the first Integrity and Compliance Innovation Award of Private Enterprises jointly sponsored by the School of Criminal Law of East China University of Political Science and Law (ECUPL) and AntiCorruption and Compliance Research Institute for Internet Enterprises of ECUPL.
Baidu was awarded the China’s Top 10 Best Employers of the Year by Zhaopin.com.
Baidu was named the Advanced Organization of Industrial and Information Systems to Fight the New Coronavirus Epidemic by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
Baidu was granted the Advanced Private Enterprise in the Fight against COVID-19 by the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
Baidu was awarded the Capital Charity Award by the Capital Charity Federation.


Key ESG Performance in 2021. 
Online Baidu School learning platform provided convenient production tools for employees, with 2,053 online courses offered by our employees, accounting for 34.56% of all online courses.
Baidu's security training covered 100% of employees, with more than 50,000 enrollments in 50 different online security training courses in 2021.
Enhancing corporate governance. 
Building trust. 
Nurturing talents. 
Baidu obtained the ISO 37001 anti-bribery management system certification.
100% of domestic suppliers should fully comply with Baidu Sustainable Development and Social Responsibility Rules for Suppliers.
100% of domestic suppliers signed the Honesty and Integrity Agreement.
87.2% of Baidu's products obtained security-related certifications. Baidu was involved in formulating 141 key standards in areas such as deep learning, federated learning, AI application technology, big data and cybersecurity.
Baidu conducted six phishing and 12 attack and defense drills.
Women account for 39.3% of Baidu's employees and 43.2% of management positions. In 2021, the Mini Pulse Survey showed that more than 96% of respondents had a positive attitude towards working at Baidu.
Baidu recruited over 3,500 students and graduates through intern recruitment, spring campus recruitment, autumn campus recruitment and overseas campus recruitment.
100% 87.2% 39.3% 43.2% 96% 100% 50,000 3,500 2,053 6 12 141 100% ISO 37001. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Zero. 
During the reporting period, Baidu was not involved in any accidents of injuries, fatalities or occupational diseases amongst both employees and contractors.
Key ESG Performance — 05 Overview


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Key ESG Performance — 06. 
In 2021, Baidu's charitable donations totaled RMB 198.045 million, including RMB 90 million for affected areas by flood in Henan, RMB 50 million for those in Shanxi, and RMB 58.045 million for others. The total value of material donations from Baidu reached RMB 23.8902 million, including 200 fundus cameras and 10 sets of “Assistance to Doctors’’ primary medical solutions of Lingyi Zhihui.
According to the Analysis Report on China’s High-Value Patents and Innovation. 
Drivers of Artificial Intelligence, jointly released by the National Industrial Information Security Development Research Center and the Electronic Intellectual Property Center of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in October 2021, Baidu applied for more than 13,000 and was granted over 3,600 AI patents. For four consecutive years, Baidu has ranked 1 st in China in terms of AI patent applications and grants.
Promoting green ideas. 
Improving services. 
Contributing to society. 
Baidu announced the goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2030 at the Group operational level with 2020 as the baseline year. Baidu issued the first sustainability bond worth USD 1 billion.
Baidu annually intercepted malicious information 56 billion times on average, prevented fraudulent websites and Apps from reaching users 27 million times and protected citizens’ personal information from malicious disclosures 220,000 times.
100% of Baidu's online complaints were properly handled.
As of 2021, Baidu led 21 open-source organizations and more than 1,000 open-source projects on Github, with over 18,000 community contributors and more than 370,000 stars gained.
56 billion times 13,000 applications 27 million times 220,000 times 3,600 grants 1,000 open-source projects 100% 500,000 kWh ISO 50001. 
Carbon neutrality by 2030 USD 1 billion. 
RMB 198.045 million RMB 23.8902 million. 
Rank 1 st for four consecutive years. 
Baidu office buildings passed the ISO 50001 energy management system certification. Baidu purchased 500,000 kWh of green electricity certificate.
Overview


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Communicating with Stakeholders — 07 Our Priorities. 
Stakeholders Means of communication Expectations and demands. 
Shareholders and investors. 
General meetings of shareholders. 
Periodic reports and announcements. 
Communication with investors via emails and conferences. 
Ongoing and stable growth. 
Compliant operations. 
Risk management. 
Product service and quality. 
Users. 
Feedback channels. 
Product surveys. 
Interaction via our websites and social media. 
Improving user experience. 
Information security. 
Data and privacy protection. 
Content integrity. 
Product quality assurance. 
Governments and regulators. 
Information disclosure. 
Collaborative projects. 
Routine communication and reporting. 
Supervision and inspections. 
Visit reception. 
Compliant operations. 
Information security. 
Data and privacy protection. 
Content integrity. 
Employees. 
Internal office systems. 
Internal meetings. 
Regular surveys for feedback. 
Online and offline trainings. 
Protecting employee rights and interests. 
Employee training and development. 
Employee benefit guarantee. 
Occupational disease prevention. 
Suppliers. 
Invitation for bids. 
Project procurement. 
Contracts and agreements. 
Supplier management conferences. 
Supplier business communication meetings. 
Other supplier communications. 
Integrity. 
Mutual benefit. 
Empowering suppliers. 
Partners/NGOs. 
Baidu World Congress. 
Baidu Create. 
ABC Summit. 
Baidu Union Summit. 
Project-based cooperation. 
Technology exchanges. 
Achievements sharing. 
Technological innovation. 
Cooperative development. 
Product quality assurance. 
Low-carbon operations. 
Corporate social responsibility. 
Media. 
Press conferences. 
Exclusive interviews. 
Invitation to meetings or events held by Baidu. 
Interaction via our websites and social media. 
Transparency. 
Compliant operations. 
Information security. 
Data and privacy protection. 
Content intigrity. 
Corporate social responsibility. 
Environment. 
Adopting energy-saving and emission reduction technology. 
Developing green products. 
Cultivating low-carbon awareness for users. 
Emissions management. 
Energy and resource conservation. 
Low-carbon operations. 
Communities. 
Community activities. 
Interaction via our websites and social media. 
Charity projects. 
Volunteering activities. 
Stakeholders’ suggestions are key to Baidu. The Company has established regular communication mechanisms with stakeholders through multiples forms.
Communicating with Stakeholders Our Priorities. 
The Communication Mechanisms with Stakeholders of Baidu


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Priorities Materiality Assessment — 08. 
In 2021, based on the UN SDGs, GRI Standards, SASB Standards, mainstream ESG rating indexes in capital markets, and outcomes of the communication with stakeholders as well as discussion and analysis with the management, we reviewed the matrix of material issues after previous assessments. The newly published matrix contains no major changes.
Materiality Assessment. 
Baidu's 2021 Material ESG Issues. 
Importance Issue Category. 
High 1 Data and privacy protection Economic 2 Information security Economic 3 Protection of employees’ rights Social 4 Product quality assurance Economic 5 Improving user experience Economic 6 Staff development Social 7 Protecting Employees’ benefit Social 8 Protecting intellectual property rights Economic 9 Anti-corruption and business ethics Economic 10 Content integrity Economic. 
Medium 11 Energy and resource conservation Environmental 12 Low-carbon operations Environmental 13 Contribution to community/charity Social 14 Occupational health Social 15 Supplier sustainability management Economic 16 Effectiveness of board governance Economic. 
Low 17 Emission management Environmental. 
Baidu's 2021 Material ESG Issue Matrix. 
High Importance to Baidu's Sustainability. 
High. 
Low. 
Importance to Stakeholders 12 13 1
8 2
9 5
14 15 4 3 7 6 16 17 10 11. 
Economic. 
Environmental. 
Social


Corporate Governance. 
Our Performance · ESG Management · Compliant Operations


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Enhancing Corporate Governance — 01 and action paths based on the concerns of stakeholders as well as the wider international community.The ESG Working Group, under the ESG Committee, is in charge of the communication and implementation of ESG-related issues. A performance appraisal mechanism for sustainability has been set up for the members of the ESG Committee to ensure that executive compensation is linked with their sustainability performance.
Baidu has formulated corresponding ESG management regulations or systems targeting specific ESG issues, including business ethics, human rights, environment, health and safety and information security. These policies, or systems, along with Baidu Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Policy 1 , provide an institutional guarantee for the Company’s sustainable development.
Enhancing Corporate Governance. 
Baidu firmly believes that a good governance structure represents an inexhaustible source of strength for our sustainable development. We continually improve corporate governance, optimize ESG management system, uphold business ethics, and comprehensively improve our risk resistance capacity.
ESG Management. 
ESG Concept. 
ESG Governance Structure. 
Committed to the vision of “to be a top global technology company which best understands users’ needs and enables their growth”, Baidu integrates key ESG philosophy and standards into corporate governance as part of the efforts to contribute long-term and sustainable value to stakeholders and humanity at large.
The Board of Directors of Baidu is the highest authority with ultimate responsibility for ESG-related issues. The Board guides and approves ESG overall plans and implementation objectives as well as assessing ESG risks and formulating responses accordingly.
Baidu established the Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee (ESG Committee) to provide the Board with suggestions for sustainable development and formulate ESG goals. 
Baidu's ESG Concept. 
The ESG Management Structure of Baidu. 
Board of Directors. 
The ESG Committee. 
Approval and supervision. 
Guidance and supervision. 
Suggestions for decisions. 
Reporting. 
The ESG Working Group. 
Social Governance. 
Environmental. 
E m
p l
o y
e e
s. 


C o
m m
u ni ti e
s. 
E n
vi r
o n
m e
nt. 

S h
ar e
h o
ld e
r s. 
S u
p p
li e
r s. 

 

G o
v e
r n
m e
n ts. 

 


P a
r tn e
r s. 
U s
e rs in s
ti tu ti o
n s. 
S o
c ia l. 
Us er e
xp er ie nc e. 
Inf or ma tio n
se cur ity. 
Da ta pr iva cy. 
C o
mp lia nt op er ati on s. 
C o
m mu ni ty en ga ge m
en t. 
L ow -c ar bo n
op er ati on s. 
E co no mi c
su st ai na bil ity. 
Su p
ply c
ha in m
an a
ge me nt. 
In te lle ctu al pr op er ty rig ht. 
Te ch no lo gic al in no va tio n. 
T ale nt c
ulti va tio n. 
E mp lo ye e
rig ht s
an d i nt er es ts 1 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Environmental,_Social_and_Governance_(ESG)_Policy


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Enhancing Corporate Governance — 02. 
Compliant Operations. 
Corporate Governance. 
In strict compliance with the United State Securities Act of 1933, the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, as well as other applicable laws, Baidu has established a well-structured corporate governance mechanism with defined rights and responsibilities.
Baidu adopts the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is applied to all Board members, to require them to uphold integrity. Our Board has an Audit Committee, a Remuneration 2 https://ir.baidu.com/corporate-governance 3 https://www1.hkexnews.hk/listedco/listconews/sehk/2021/0312/2021031200021.pdf 4 https://ir.baidu.com/
Committee and a Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. All committees have defined responsibilities and workflow to guarantee that internal resources are allocated appropriately and that decision-making is efficient. (For the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, please refer to the “Corporate Governance” section of the Investor Relations website 2. For the responsibility of every Committee, please refer to the Prospectus 3.)
The Board comprises five members, including four independent Directors who have no relationships to controlling shareholders.
Independent Directors provide independent suggestions and judgments on the corporate business strategy, business performance, risk prevention and control, conflicts of interests as well as various other issues. Conflicts of interest are prohibited to ensure they represent the interests of the Company and shareholders to the full extent.
Directors are appointed on merit to ensure that they have balanced skills, experience and diverse perspectives to meet business needs.
All of the current Directors have rich industry experience, including one financial expert who brings diversified experience and expertise to the Company.
If the Directors reasonably require advice from independent professionals (e.g., a financial adviser), relevant cost should be paid by the Company.
Third-party compliance consultants are appointed to provide independent compliance suggestions and guidance.
In 2021, the Board held a total of seven meetings, with a 100% of attendance rate.
Board Diversity. 
Board Engagement. 
Other Governance. 
Measures. 
For further details of our corporate governance and Board members, please refer to Baidu's Investor Relations website 4.
• •
• •
• •
•
Board Independence


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Enhancing Corporate Governance — 03 Our Performance. 
Baidu gives top priority to risk prevention and management and has established a risk management system that is led by the Board. In 2021, the Company upgraded the philosophy of risk management and introduced the “three lines” risk management model based on the original “three lines of. 
Baidu carries out regular internal risk identification as well as analysis and assessment. The Company also collaborates with both internal and external parties to carry out effectiveness analysis and assessment of the risk management and the internal control system. In addition, Baidu formulates a one- to three-year audit plan to ensure the full life cycle risk management of the Company.
Business Ethics. 
In compliance with advanced laws, regulations, standards and international initiatives such as United Nations Convention Against Corruption and the Business Principles for Countering Bribery, we constantly improve our business ethics system. At present, we have formed a system consisting of the Baidu Professional Ethics and Code of Conduct 5 as the basis and defense” risk management model. The new model focuses on the cooperation and goal alignment among "three lines", turning traditional risk prevention to risk management, and underscores the necessary supervision of "three lines" as well as their empowerment and improvement among each other.
Baidu's Business Ethics Governance Framework and Reporting Levels 5 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Professional_Ethics_and_Code_of_Conduct. 
Provide customers with products and services. Identify, assess, monitor, and manage risks in business operations.
Provide expertise and support for riskrelated issues from several specific fields, including human resources, legal affairs, finance, technology and operation safety, conduct supervision and raise reasonable questions.
The Internal Audit Department and Professional Ethics Department provide independent and objective approval and suggestions on all objective-related issues.
The first line The second line. 
Board of Directors. 
The third line. 
Baidu's “Three Lines” Risk Management Model other protocols concerning business ethics, professional ethics, and anti-corruption. Our anti-corruption organization consists of three levels of management, including the Board of Directors, the Committee of Professional Ethics and the Professional Ethics Department. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for business ethics.
Committee of Professional Ethics Audit Committee. 
Professional Ethics Department Internal Audit Department. 
Reporting to. 
Cooperating. 
Training. 
Tracking. 
Publicity. 
Handling. 
Supervision. 
Investigation. 
System and process building. 
Anti-fraud. 
Compliance audit. 
Information system and data audit. 
Operational audit. 
Engineering audit


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Enhancing Corporate Governance— 04. 
Managing the Value Chain. 
To build a fair value chain, Baidu is committed to responsible procurement, sticks to the philosophy of whole process management and control and carries out risk identification and management of full life cycle supply chain with links to such areas as access, assessment and exit.
With regard to key network equipment suppliers, Internet Data Center (IDC) infrastructure and others, Baidu abides by supplier rating system to assess and summarize their performance biannually and selectively starts on-site review procedures. For substandard suppliers, Baidu helps formulate a rectification plan through operation communications and determines whether to terminate cooperation with them based on rectification results. In 2021, 100% of the market, engineering and administrative suppliers were investigated and assessed.
The Company has formulated the Baidu Sustainable Development and Social Responsibility Rules for Suppliers 6,
In 2021, we constantly advanced the construction of a professional ethics system. We formulated an anti-bribery management manual in the light of the character of our services and the status quo of our management. We developed, implemented, maintained and improved the anti-bribery compliance plan. At the same time, we carried out an internal special audit of business ethics and established a rigorous twoway linkage mechanism via ex-post risk assessment. Through handling cases, Baidu identified and optimized 22 fraud risks within operating processes and mechanisms throughout 2021.
Throughout daily operations, in light of the Company’s development and the sensitive spots of industry sectors and commerce, regular identification and self-inspection of business ethics risks that cover whole business lines are carried out. This optimizes supervision mechanisms to ensure they are interlinked and coordinated, as part of the efforts to mitigate our business ethics risks from the outset.
Baidu Receives ISO 37001 Certification Baidu Wins the First Integrity and. 
Compliance Innovation Award of Private Enterprises. 
The Number of Suppliers by Location 8 which requires all suppliers to establish ESG management systems, including an anti-corruption system. In order to encourage them to improve their ESG performance, Baidu provides suppliers with guidance, training and awareness-raising on ESG system construction, and includes their ESG system construction and performance into their performance appraisal system. In 2021, 100% of domestic suppliers were required to comply with the Baidu Sustainable Development and Social Responsibility Rules for Suppliers.
Baidu is committed to teaming up with suppliers to build a fair and clean cooperation environment. We specify our regulations on procurement process and anti-corruption during suppliers’ platform registration and urge partners to comply with relevant business ethics and anti-corruption rules by signing our Honesty and Integrity Agreement 7 in addition to the integrity clauses in our contracts. In 2021, the Company signed the Honesty and Integrity Agreement with all domestic suppliers.
6 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Sustainable_Development_and_Social_Responsibility_Rules_for_Suppliers 7 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Honesty_and_Integrity_Agreement 8 The number of suppliers is the cumulative data of Baidu's supplier pool.
Location Number of suppliers. 
The PRC (including Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan) 17,199. 
Overseas 4,850


Building Trust. 
Our Performance · Cybersecurity · Data Security. 
Our Practices · Case


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Building Trust — 01 Our Performance. 
Building Trust. 
Cybersecurity and data security are paramount to Baidu. By establishing sound internal systems and security management structures, the Company continuously improves the process management and technology application of security operation.
Cybersecurity. 
Security Management. 
In 2021, Baidu updated various regulations and systems, for instance, Baidu Information and Product Security Punishment Measures 1 and Baidu Security Management Standards 2.
These regulations and rules cover security redline, office security, basic security, data security, and privacy, product security, third-party cooperation security, security management, and other aspects.
Baidu's Data Management Committee is the top-level decision-making and execution body responsible for handling important matters concerning data management, formulating relevant, specifications, processes and mechanisms, issuing data management standards, and auditing the relevant behaviors in daily operation.
1 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Statement_on_the_Baidu_Information_and_Product_Security_Punishment_Measures 2 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Statement_on_the_Baidu_Security_Management_Standards. 
Basic security. 
Office security Third-party cooperation security. 
Product security. 
Security management. 
Security redline


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Building Trust — 02. 
Security Operation. 
Facing threats in a strong adversarial environment, Baidu pioneered the launching of the AdvBox Adversarial Example Toolbox. This helps mainstream machine learning platforms, such as PaddlePaddle and TensorFlow, rapidly improve the model adversarial robustness from multiple aspects. To tackle threats in non-adversarial environments, Baidu released a systematic evaluation framework for model robustness. Focusing on multiple security features, the framework can develop evaluation criteria for different models, tasks and scenarios, as well as help the industry better quantitatively evaluate potential security threats and model robustness.
In the field of cloud security, Baidu introduced a series of AI security technologies such as Privacy Enhanced Computing and Trusted Computing, as well as deeply combining the leading AI security capabilities with Baidu AI Cloud to realize. 
Baidu has built a sound security management process and emergency response plan.
Based on the multi-layer defense system for network anomalies (see Page 35 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report 3 for further details on the multi-layer defense system for network anomalies), Baidu has developed a whole-chain security control process covering pre-event prevention, mid-event handling and post-event traceability.
Baidu continuously relies on AI to ensure network ecological security. We have built an industrial intelligence and systematic security architecture focusing on computing power, algorithms and data in the AI-native era.
3 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_2020_Environmental,_Social_and_Governance_Report intelligent and integrated security upgrade of the corporate cloud defense system. Baidu released Anti Distributed Denial of Service (Anti-DDoS), which can provide IDCs with comprehensive and convenient security infrastructure in combination with a series of technologies, including rapid local detection, automated expansion of T-level cloud defense, hacker attack detection, real-time security defense, and threat intelligence.
In 2021, Baidu's numerous products and solutions, including Privacy Situational Awareness Systems and Federal Computing, were selected for the Research on Artificial Intelligence Data Security and Regulatory Mechanism by the National Industrial Information Security Development Research Center.
Leading security technology system oriented for the AI-native cloud. 
Security: strong-adversarial security. 
Privacy: data security and privacy protection. 
AI autonomous framework security AI model robustness evaluation/enhancement. 
AI model anti-stealing. 
Safe collection. 
Data security throughout the life cycle. 
Machine learning for privacy protection. 
Security verification under complex scenarios. 
Trusted computing. 
AI reasoning for privacy protection. 
AI model attack detection and adversarial defense AI model non-interpretability detection. 
AI deepfake detection. 
Safe collection. 
Joint modeling of privacy protection. 
AI supply chain security. 
Safe circulation. 
AI training for privacy protection. 
AI model multi-sensor redundancy. 
Safety: non-adversarial security. 
Process Management. 
Technology Application. 
Model privacy risk assessment


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Building Trust — 03 Our Performance. 
Security Audit. 
Security Certification. 
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, Baidu carries out risk assessments and audits for personal information and highly sensitive data. The Internal Audit Department conducts bi-annual special audits on the implementation process and results. In addition, Baidu invites third-party institutions with professional qualifications to conduct audit certification and security assessments annually.
In 2021, Baidu carried out a special audit on personal information protection and information security with reference to the newly adopted Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China. For the third-party SDK 4 introduced for Baidu Apps, Baidu formulated the Regulations on Third-party SDK Security Management, which clearly stipulates that security assessments should be conducted at the level of source, code and privacy behavior before introducing the third-party SDK.
Currently, Baidu has obtained a number of international and domestic authoritative cybersecurity certifications. In 2021, 87.2% 5 of our products obtained security-related certifications.
4 SDK, short for software development kit, refers to a collection of development tools used by software engineers to create application software, such as software package, software framework, hardware platform, and operating system.
5 The percentage of Baidu's products obtaining security-related qualification certifications compared to its products obtaining all qualification certifications. As of December 31, 2021,
Baidu's products had obtained a total of 86 qualification certifications, and 75 security-related qualification certifications.
ISO 27001 Information Security Management System. 
ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management System. 
ISO 27017 Cloud Security Management System. 
ISO 27032 Cyberspace Security Management System. 
ISO 27040 Data Storage Security Management System. 
Classified Protection of Cybersecurity (Level 3)
Classified Protection of Cybersecurity (Level 2)
CSA STAR International Certification of Cloud Security. 
Multi-tier Cloud Security (MTCS) Standard for Singapore. 
Information Security Service Qualification (Cloud Computing Level 1)
Classified Protection of Cybersecurity (Level 4) (Baidu Financial Cloud System)
The Due Diligence on Data Security and Privacy is undertaken by the thirdparty SDK. Then the departments involving business, security and legal affairs will make evaluations from the perspectives of business scenarios, data security and legal compliance.
An external professional security evaluation institution evaluates the code quality and security vulnerabilities of the third-party SDK in accordance with the Third-party SDK Code Security Inspection Baseline released by Baidu and issues an evaluation report.
The security departments of Baidu investigates the SDK privacy behaviors, evaluates the personal information security, and audits the privacy risks.
Code security assessment Privacy behavior assessment and audit. 
Security Assessments before Introducing SDK. 
In 2021, 87.2% of our products obtained security-related certifications.
Source security assessment. 
Baidu's Certification in Information Security


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Building Trust — 04. 
Security Ecosystem. 
Baidu continually upholds the concept of “win-win cooperation and open-source sharing” and actively participates in the construction of security ecosystem.
Baidu is a member of the International Organization for Standardization/ International Electrotechnical Commission (ISO/IEC JTC1), International Telecommunication Union-Telecommunication Standardization Sector(ITU-T), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Standards Association (IEEESA), China National Information Technology Standardization Technical Committee (TC28), China National Information Technology Standardization Technical Committee (TC260), China Communications Standards Association (CCSA), China Communications Standards Association - the Big Data Technology and Standard Committee (CCSA-TC601) and other important standardization organizations both at home and abroad. Along with Huawei and CAICT, Baidu launched the Open AI System Security Alliance (OASES) 6 and jointly promoted the construction of a security ecosystem of intelligent terminals.
Baidu has been involved in the formulation of 141 key standards in areas such as deep learning, federated learning, AI application technology, big data, and cybersecurity. In 2021, Baidu participated in the formulation of international standards including the ISO/IEC 27035-1 Information Technology - Security Techniques - Information Security Incident Management, IEEE P3219 - Standard for Blockchainbased Zero-Trust Framework for Internet of Things (IoT), IEEE Standard for Secure Computing Based on Trusted Execution Environment, and IEEE Standard for Technical Framework and Requirements of Shared Machine Learning. National standards include the Information Security Technology- Guidance on Security Management of Internet of Things (IoT). Industrial. 
Baidu has actively supported the entry and innovation of international security competitions in China. In recent years, Baidu has held various events such as the Baidu Cybersecurity Skills Competition for College Students, Annual Festival of Baidu Security Response Center, White Hat Night of Baidu Security Response Center, and Cybersecurity Technology Sharing in Universities and Colleges. Baidu, together with 41 major security response centers in China, launched the volunteer program called DEF CON CHINA, providing a platform for the next generation of cybersecurity talent.
6 OASES, short for Open AI System Security Alliance, is China’s first alliance committed to improving the ecological security of smart terminals and promoting the positive interaction and cooperation between mobile phone manufacturers, smart terminal manufacturers, security manufacturers and security experts.
7 It refers to deep learning software framework evaluation method.
Joining Industrial Alliances. 
Formulating Standards and White Papers. 
Nurturing Professional Talent standards include the Technical Requirements and Testing Methods for Cloud Phones. Group standards include the Trusted and Traceable Service Technical Requirement for the Cold Chain Logistics and Specifications on AI Model Protection Based on Trusted Execution Environment. In August 2021, Baidu PaddlePaddle and CAICT jointly released the ITU-T F.748.12 Deep Learning Software Framework Evaluation Methodology 7 , the world’s first international testing standard for deep learning software framework.
In July 2021, Baidu participated in the compilation of the White Paper on AI Standardization (2021 Edition) issued by the China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI).
Baidu actively cultivates the qualifications and skills of the security personnel, encourages our employees to pursue better personal development, and better show the talent and ability of our security personnel. The security departments of Baidu launched the Certified Security Professional Incentive Plan and completed the Certification for Cyber Security Competence (CCSC) for the employees in the first batch, contributing to the cultivation and reserve of cybersecurity talent.
Baidu. 
Huawei CAICT. 
Open AI System. 
Security Alliance (OASES)


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Building Trust — 05 Our Performance • As the first Chinese company to attend the four top conferences on security (CCS, NDSS, S&P and USENIX), Baidu continuously creates world-class research achievements and ranks 1 st in the number of papers published at the top conferences in China in the past five years.
• Baidu also participated in the formulation of 141 key international and national standards.
• Baidu engages in the open source and sharing of code research achievements. Baidu also donated Teaclave, the world’s first open-source universal secure computing platform, to the Apache Foundation. It has become the most popular privacy protection and secure computing opensource ecological program in any major open-source community.
• Facing broader challenges presented by the AI security ecosystem, Baidu extends support to resolve a series of security risks in the AI ecosystem at the level of cloud, pipe, terminal, big data and algorithm based on AI security core technologies such as the comprehensive open-source “seven weapons” and the BASS next-generation AI security technology stack.
Baidu's Security and Open-source Ecosystem Construction. 
Baidu always honors the mission of “making the complicated world simpler through technology” and continuously promotes the development of AI computing ecosystem through technological innovation and open-source sharing.
Building AI Security Ecosystem. 
Open research. 
Open ecosystem • Baidu is committed to constructing the intelligent terminal ecological security in the AI era, creating a multi-party governance paradigm for security ecosystem, as well as building an international exchange platform for network security talent.
Open code


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Building Trust — 06. 
Right to access. 
Right to delete. 
Right to modify • Users have the right to decide on providing and allowing access to their personal information.
• Baidu's platforms shall only collect information with user authorization, or under other circumstances permitted by laws and regulations, and shall never collect it forcefully.
• When the purpose of processing personal information with user authorization changes, Baidu will, in advance, notify users to authorize again in a reasonable way.
• Users have the right to request the deletion of personal information and can notify Baidu of their needs on personal information protection at any time through the personal information protection feedback platform 12 .
• Baidu follows the principle of “shortest retention period”. If users cancel their accounts or make a request to delete personal information, Baidu will delete the users’ personal and relevant information from the backup system when updating the backup in strict accordance with the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of. 
China and other laws and regulations regarding the retention period.
• After users cancel their accounts or make a request to delete the above information, Baidu promises not to use the personal information for commercial purposes, however the Company may use the personal information if anonymized 13 .
• Users have the right to modify their personal information.
• Users can turn the authorization button on or off at any time to grant and revoke their consent respectively.
Data Security. 
Principles of Personal Information Protection. 
Baidu has established a data privacy protection system covering all business lines and subsidiaries. Besides the Baidu Data Security Strategies 8, Baidu has formulated relevant regulations and standards applicable to all lines of our products and services, including the Master Privacy Policy 9 , Baidu General Compliance Principles on Users Personal Information Protection 10 , and Baidu Personal Information Protection Compliance Redline and Code of Conduct 11. Baidu has also developed privacy policies tailored separately to products and services, thus facilitating the application of privacy protection in various products.
Baidu adheres to the four principles of “informed consent, data minimization, user experience, and security assurance” (see Page 40 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report), guarantees users’ right to know, choose and control personal information (see Page 41 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report), and gives users the right to access, modify and delete personal information. Baidu promises never to sell any personal information to third-parties.
Baidu Grants Users the Right to Access, Modify and Delete Personal Information. 
Baidu continuously improves the handling process of complaints about infringement of personal information. Complaints are divided into three categories: basic, risk and confirmation-related complaint. We also clearly stipulate the time limit for handling complaints.
8 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Statement_on_the_Baidu_Data_Security_Strategies 9 https://www.baidu.com/duty/yinsiquan-policy.html 10 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_of_Baidu_General_Compliance_Principles_on_Users_Personal_Information_Protection 11 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_of_Baidu_Personal_Information_Protection_Compliance_Redlines_and_Code_of_Conduct 12 https://help.baidu.com/newadd?prod_id=212 13 It refers to the process in which the personal information cannot be identified by the user after technological processing, and the processed information cannot be restored.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Building Trust — 07 Our Performance. 
Privacy Technology Assurance and Certification. 
Relying on a series of technologies such as the secure multiparty computation, federated learning, trusted execution environment, security isolation domain, blockchain, and AI security, Baidu has developed data security and privacy protection solutions. These cover the full life cycle of data collection, identification, storage, use, transmission, sharing and destruction of data.
Baidu uses a variety of technologies such as privacy compliance detection, differential privacy, AI automatic desensitization, federated computing and trusted computing. This effectively ensures data security and privacy protection. In terms of processing users’ personal sensitive information, Baidu has realized identity authentication and access control for individuals at many levels including system, storage and service.
To further safeguard cloud data security, Baidu launched the Intelligent Data Security Gateway and the Intelligent Threat Hunting Platform and provided the one-stop cloud security management system that covers sensitive information detection, desensitization and audit.
ISO 27701 Privacy Information Management System. 
ISO 27018 Personally Identifiable Information Protection Management System in Public Clouds ISO 29151 Personally Identifiable Information Protection Management System. 
BS 10012 Personal Information Management System. 
Cloud Service User Data Protection Capability (Public Cloud)
Cloud Service User Data Protection Capability (Private Cloud)
Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS) (Financial Cloud)
Baidu's Certification in Data Security and Privacy Protection. 
Security Certification of Baidu's Products. 
Our products Security certification. 
Baidu Dianshi Privacy Computing Platform. 
Based on four privacy computing engines including data security sandbox, Federal Learning (FL) platform , secure multi-party computation (SMPC), confidential computing (MesaTEE), all of which have passed the “Big Data Product Capability Assessment” by CAICT and award the “Big Data Product Capability Assessment Certificate”.
Baidu AI Cloud. 
Baidu AI Cloud has obtained security audit certifications including SOC1 Type2, SOC2 Type1, SOC2 Type2, and SOC3, which showcases that Baidu AI Cloud has gained professional recognition in terms of security, availability, confidentiality and privacy. It can meet users’ requirements for business, data, operation, and basic security, providing stronger and more effective protection for users.
Baidu Maps Obtained the First Batch of Mobile Internet Application (App) Security Certification Certificate from the China Cybersecurity Review Technology and Certification Center (CCRC).
Baidu autonomous driving information security protection platform Obtained the EAL4 security product certification from CCRC. 
Baidu's products and services have passed a number of authoritative international certifications on data security and privacy protection.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Building Trust — 08. 
Data Security Awards/Honors of Baidu's Products. 
In March 2021. 
Baidu received the first batch of “Data Security Governance Capability Assessment” certificate (Excellence) from CAICT.
In October 2021. 
The Baidu Security and Privacy Compliance Platform and OPENRASP successfully entered the 2021 Cybersecurity Excellent Innovation Competition held by the China Cybersecurity Industry Alliance.
In December 2021. 
Security products on Baidu Security Cloud were included in the 2021 Trusted Cloud Security Case Collection - Trusted Cloud Service User Data Protection by CAICT, which was distributed as conference handouts at the 2021 Trusted Cloud Security Forum.
In July 2021. 
Bao Chengfu, Chief Security Architect of Baidu, was appointed as Deputy Director of the AI Governance and Trusted Committee of the China Artificial Intelligence Industry Development Alliance (CAIIA).
In July 2021. 
The Baidu Security and Privacy Compliance Platform won the “2021 Enterprise Digital Governance Pioneer Practice Cases – Most Valuable Application Case of Intelligent Security and Privacy Compliance” from CAICT.
In December 2021. 
Baidu Dianshi Data Security Circulation and Privacy Computing Solution was selected as the 2021 IT New Governance Leadership Forum - Outstanding Innovation Case of the Year by CAICT.
In December 2021. 
Baidu was selected as the 2021 IT New Governance Leadership Forum - Outstanding Enterprise of the Year by CAICT.
In October 2021. 
Baidu's security management and operation business line was successfully included in the list of DCMM Excellent Cases by the China Federation of Electronics and Information Industry (CFEII).
In December 2021. 
Baidu Dianshi - Trusted Cloud Service User Data Protection Case was selected in the 2021 Trusted Cloud Security Case Collection by CAICT, which was distributed as conference handouts at 2021 Trusted Cloud Security Forum. In December 2021. 
Baidu Dianshi -Innovative Application Case of Privacy Computing in Biomedicine was selected as the benchmark case of Big Data “Galaxy” Privacy Computing in 2021 by CAICT.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Building Trust — 09 Our Performance. 
Raising Data Security Awareness. 
Baidu continuously strengthens data security education for employees and develops a training mechanism covering all employees to help them improve their data security literacy and professional skills.
For classified data of different categories, Baidu formulated corresponding security authority control procedures, defined the access scope of data and operation specifications of each role, and selected appropriate encryption, tracking, key management and other security technologies. The Company also signed confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who have access to users’ personal information to clarify their responsibilities and code of conduct.
Baidu has established a safety training mechanism covering all employees (including the management, regular employees, employees of ecosystem companies, interns, and external employees including dispatched employees).
Institutional Safeguards. 
Data Security Training. 
Security Training Courses for Employees at Different Levels. 
Coverage Training courses. 
The entire workforce • In 2021, Baidu reached a talent development cooperation agreement with universities and institutions including Peking University, China University of Political Science and Law and Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and launched a series of training courses on “Data Security and Privacy Protection” lectured by authoritative legal experts in related fields. This training series covered cybercrime, laws and regulations on data security both at home and abroad, personal information protection, AI and social risks, algorithmic justice, open source and intellectual property protection to name a few.
• The Security Department offers a series of courses on security technology sharing within Baidu.
Frontline staff responsible for privacy and data security • Developing targeted professional training to help promote business compliance.
New staff • Provision of compulsory courses on information security for new hires and evaluating the training results through examination.
Baidu achieved 100% coverage of security training 100% with more than 50,000 enrollments 50,000 in 50 different online security training courses 50. 
In 2021，


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Building Trust — 10. 
Upholding the concept of “promoting defense with an attack”, Baidu regularly holds phishing attack and defense drills for all staff. In 2021, Baidu conducted six phishing drills and 12 attack and defense drills.
In 2021, Baidu organized the security promotion month with the theme of “silent contest” to popularize security redlines requirements, practical attack and defense exercises, risk event cases, email security knowledge, and other relevant contents for all employees.
In terms of the third-party cooperation, Baidu checks the security qualification of our partners as well as inspects and evaluates their security organization, strategy, capability and historical security issues. The Company requires partners to provide data sources, compliance certificates, and security certificates (such as ISO certificates). They also need to sign data security-related agreements. Moreover, Baidu provides data security and privacy protection related resources and training course services for our contractors, suppliers, outsourced employees and other stakeholders free of charge, and helps ecosystem partners improve data security protection and compliance.
Attack and Defense Drills. 
Security Promotion Month. 
Supplier Data Security Training. 
Baidu conducted 6 phishing drills and 12 attack and defense drills.
Security redlines requirements Email security knowledge. 
Practical attack and defense exercises. 
Risk event cases


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 11. 
Baidu actively participates in the construction of the cybersecurity ecosystem, incorporates such concepts as network security and data protection into the development of products and services, and continues to provide leading standards and solid technical support for industry development.
The first 2021 working group event “Conference Week” was sponsored by the National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee (TC260) and was held in Wuhan from the 10 th and 13 th of May 2021. Over 600 members of the working group attended the event, including Baidu and many members of the Open AI System Security Alliance (OASES). Participants facilitated the creation and approval of national cybersecurity standards projects and the implementation of current projects. During the event, Baidu contributed to discussions and deliberations on various topics, including AI security, smart terminal security, Internet of Vehicle (IoV) security, cloud and data security as well as black market crackdown, App privacy compliance and privacy protection.A total of 12 standard projects, Baidu participated in, have been advanced to the next stage. Among the 10 standards in whose application for approval Baidu participated, eight have been approved to be initiated, one transited to a research project and one standard research project has been approved.
Baidu led the application for the standards research project “Information Security Technology – Internet of Things (IoT) Security Management Guide” that was approved at the event. This standard research project, whose implementation is also led by Baidu in conjunction with China Electronics Standardization Institute (CESI), China Mobile and CECGW, is designed to provide corresponding security levels, control measures and evaluation methods for communications and operations management, access control, system acquisition, development and maintenance of IoT terminals, edge computing and IoT servers on the basis of common Information Security Management System (ISMS). This standard research topic is expected to fill the IoT security management gap in China.
Baidu participated in the compilation of the White Paper on 5G Cybersecurity Standardization 2021 sponsored by TC260. This provided essential guidance as well as technical support for the development of the 5G cybersecurity framework and key standards, the smooth application of 5G and the orderly development of 5G and industrial integration security.
Baidu will continue to work with OASES members to strengthen cooperation with TC260 and the members of the working group based on the concepts of patent sharing, core open source, standardsdriven and win-win industry to jointly promote practical innovation in the field of cybersecurity.
「Case」
Baidu Actively Participating in the National Cybersecurity Standards Week Activities. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 12 standard projects have been advanced to the next stage 8 standards have been approved to be initiated 1 standard formulation has been transited to a research project 1 standard research project has been approved


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 12. 
Being an AI platform company and adhering to the concept of “Responsible AI”, Baidu is committed to building an open and inclusive AI ecosystem, actively providing open-source AI-related technical tools and fully demonstrating excellent contributions in the construction of an open-source AI ecosystem.
At the 2021 First Digital Society Forum hosted by CAICT on September 26, 2021, the Intellectual Property Center of CAICT released the Artificial Intelligence Open-Source Ecosystem and Intellectual Property Report. The Report states that in the field of AI, the open-source projects represented by Baidu's deep learning platform, PaddlePaddle, and autonomous driving system 「Case」
Baidu incorporated in the Artificial Intelligence Opensource Ecosystem and Intellectual Property Report. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
The IP Center of CAICT Releasing the Report. 
Apollo have grown into world-leading projects of their kind.
According to the abovementioned report, Baidu's innovative initiatives in promoting AI were presented. The Apache 2.0 protocol is adopted for both PaddlePaddle and Apollo, with a view to facilitating the development of AI in China and ensuring the independent and controllable IPR of partners in developing products. Baidu is willing to enable, in an open-source environment, partners to commercialize their innovations on the market.
The Report also gives credit to Baidu for contributions made to the construction of an open- source compliance system. Baidu has formulated open-source policies and relevant regulations such as the Guide on Open Source License Compliance, as well as established a comprehensive open-source compliance system covering different levels and formed dedicated teams such as the Open-Source Office. This is to ensure a secure, compliant, and regulation-based open source.
Looking forward, Baidu will continue to make efforts in such areas as development tools, industrial chain, and a talent pool of basic AI platforms to promote the development and application of AI technology.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 13. 
Dedicated to the mission of making the complicated world simpler through technology, Baidu is committed to pursuing technological innovation and actively driving the development of the AI computing ecosystem by opening sources. Baidu's efforts will enable the tackling of the difficulties existing in data exchange or multi-party computing across departments and companies. In addition, they will provide trusted support for the technological and productivity revolutions brought by big data and AI.
The 2021 OSCAR Open-Source Industry Conference (OSCAR 2021) jointly sponsored by the CAICT and the China Communications Standards Association (CCSA) was held in. 
Beijing on September 17, 2021. At the conference, Apache Doris, an MPP analytical database product independently developed and open-sourced by Baidu, passed the evaluation of trusted opensource projects, was granted two awards — the “OSCAR Peak OpenSource Community & Projects” and the “Trusted Open-Source Project Certification” as well as becoming a full member of the “Trusted OpenSource Community” (TWOS). As part of TWOS, Apache Doris’s mission will be to enhance the quality of projects and the community through actively mobilizing developers, facilitating user application practices as well as working with all stakeholders in the open-source industry to contribute to the construction of a trusted opensource ecosystem in China.
CAICT established a trusted open-source standard system and has conducted a test to evaluate community opensource projects’ capability in license compliance, software security, software activity, technology maturity, service support, and software compatibility. This will comprehensively measure the properties of open-source projects as well as provide a reference for users to select different types of open-source projects. Apache Doris has successfully obtained the certification of the trusted open-source standard system after rigorous inspection and evaluation. Apache Doris will continue to develop and explore open-source technologies, optimize the governance methods of open-source communities and contribute to the construction of a trusted open-source ecosystem.
「Case」
Apache Doris Granted Multiple Certification Awards at 2021 OSCAR. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Apache Doris Granted Multiple Certification Awards at OSCAR 2021


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 14. 
Dedicated fully to the protection of personal privacy, Baidu actively develops privacy protection enhancement technologies and continuously explores data security and privacy protection solutions that cover the entire data life cycle.
On September 26, 2021, Baidu Security officially released PaddleSleeve, a security and privacy protection tool based on PaddlePaddle. PaddleSleeve is designed to serve as a security tool that is not only applicable for academic research, but also suitable for use in industrial practices. Driven by scenarios, PaddleSleeve addresses realistic risks and supports industriallevel models. PaddleSleeve provides end-to-end security technical support for scenarios with high security and privacy requirements, and fully tackles the challenges that AI models need to navigate including security, safety, and privacy.
「Case」
Baidu Security Releasing PaddleSleeve to Provide Security and Privacy Protection in AI Models Applicable to Industrial Practices. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
PaddleSleeve specifically provides enterprises and developers practical functions from the following two aspects, model attack and defense:
In terms of model attack and evaluation, PaddleSleeve is equipped with several capabilities such as Baidu Security Advbox adversarial sample attack and robustness evaluation. This is compatible with Paddle 2.X and has introduced more cutting-edge attack algorithms and model integration as well as migrated attack strategies. With a focus on protecting privacy, PaddleSleeve supports seven types of privacy attackeffect evaluation indicators, thereby realizing the detection of model data restoration and key information leakage risks.
In terms of model defense, PaddleSleeve supports several industry-leading and high-performance adversarial training methods. Enterprises and developers can conduct adversarial training through new training or just with finetuning of the model. They can also enhance the robustness of non-invasive countermeasures without modifying the model by leveraging various filtering algorithms. The privacy enhancement optimizer, leveraging differential privacy disturbance, gradient compression and other methods, can also enable enterprises and developers to train models that can resist common privacy theft attacks more easily.
At present, PaddleSleeve has been employed in multiple scenarios t o p r o v i d e s u p p o r t f o r v a r i o u s general industrial, pre-trained and PaddlePaddle-defined models. By gradually equipping PaddleSleeve with more new features, Baidu Security hopes to maintain cooperation with the academic community and industry to provide scenario-driven solutions to industrial practices and ultimately, to provide more capability support for defending AI model security and privacy.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 15. 
Baidu highly values data security by continuously innovating and developing privacy protection technologies and products and has obtained certifications from widely recognized standards.
The Baidu Danshi federated learning platform, supported by such technologies as Multi-party Computation (MPC), Federated Learning (FL) and Differential Privacy (DP), is capable of effectively defending the data security of users. Through exchanging and optimizing the parameters of shared encrypted data with multiple users while keeping data local, it can enable machine learning, the establishment of virtual sharing models, so as to realize multi-party collaboration and authorized sharing of data, to obtain more accurate and efficient models and decisions, and further unleash the value of data involved. Baidu Dianshi provides customers in finance, automobile, education, the internet and other industries with government data, empowering them to manage risks, achieve precision marketing and meet other business needs, thereby breaking data silos and realizing the full flow of data value.
Baidu Dianshi boasts both the technology and product guarantee for data security. It is the sole big data platform in China that has passed both the “Technical Requirements and Test Methods for Data Circulation Products Based on Basic and Secure. 
Multi-party Computing” test and the “Trusted Data Circulation Platform” test. It is also the first platform to pass the China Financial Certification Authority (CFCA) 1secure multiparty computing evaluation. Baidu Dianshi meets the requirements of the Secure Multi-Party Computing Financial Application Technical Specification (JR/T 0196-2020) and the Secure Multi-Party Computing Financial Application Evaluation Specification (T/ PCAC 0009-2021). It enables Secure Multi-Party Computation (SMPC) technology to serve financial scenarios, and standardizes data sharing and collaboration.
By using the Data Circulation Products Based on Federated Learning-Technical Requirements and Test Methods (BDC 41-2020) as the basis for assessment, CAICT conducted a detailed evaluation of Baidu Dianshi from five assessment dimensions – dispatching management ability, data processing ability, the implementation, effect and performance and security of algorithm, stability, and scalability. Baidu Dianshi passed the above-mentioned “Federated Learning-Special Assessment of Basic Capability” with all dimensions qualified.
Looking ahead, Baidu Dianshi will continue to conduct independent research and development. In addition, Baidu Dianshi will cooperate closely with industry, academic and research communities as well as continually improve products and services. Baidu Dianshi will strive to promote the continuous improvement of China’s technological strength in big data and privacy computing products, thereby contributing to building China into a strong player in the data industry.
「Case」
Baidu Dianshi Federated Learning Platform Passing National Tests. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 1 CFCA was incorporated in 1998 under the approval of China’s information security management agencies and its major sponsor is the People's Bank of China. As one of the important national financial information security facilities, it organizes the formulation of nearly a hundred national standards, financial industry standards, cryptographic industry standards and important group standards.
Baidu Dianshi Federated Learning Platform Passing National Tests


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 16. 
Baidu emphasizes the protection of personal data and has carried out a series of publicity efforts, covering all employees, so as to comprehensively improve their awareness of personal data protection.
I n r e s p o n s e t o C h i n a ’ s n e w l y promulgated Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL), Baidu held the special publicity month activity titled “In the Vast Sea of AI, Building A Safe Harbor for Personal information”, which comprehensively explained how enterprises can effectively protect personal information on the 「Case」
Baidu Conducting the PIPL Publicity Month Events. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Baidu Security Response Center’s WeChat official account.The event is designed to advocate for the cultivation of a new compliant culture in which users’ personal information is appropriately used.
On October 15, 2021, the “Lawbased Personal Information Security” event was live-streamed with a panel of experts. The event was hosted by the CCIA Data Security Working Committee and co-organized by Baidu Security, DBAPP Security and OASES. It was designed to respond to the activities of the National Cyber Security. 
Baidu Security Response Center Providing Comprehensive Interpretation of the Personal Information Protection Law. 
Publicity Week, promote compliance with related laws, transmit knowledge on cyber security and demonstrate our corporate social responsibilities. Focusing on the Personal Information Protection Law, the experts made indepth discussions on a series of issues of high social concern and offered their suggestions and solutions from the perspectives of personal information, determination of excessive collection of personal information, core obligations of enterprises, the realization of individual rights, the impact of law enforcement and the method of individual rights protection.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 17. 
Being fully dedicated to the protection of personal privacy in business operations, Baidu continuously strengthens data security in the entire life cycle of products to protect user privacy. Baidu's innovative security products have also been certified to widely recognized standards in information security.
In 2021, Baidu Face In-vivo Detection System (V2.0) successfully passed the test of “Trustworthy Face Application Guardian Program” of CAICT with excellent results in all aspects, and was rated as Excellent (Level 4) security protection level. It became the first batch of systems to pass the evaluation designed for trusted facial systems, demonstrating the reliability of Baidu's face detection system V2.0 in security, reliability, transparency, data protection, clear responsibilities and fairness as well as reflecting Baidu's leading position in the live body attack resistance and security of facial recognition technology.
In recent years, facial recognition technology has been widely implemented in public security, financial payment, transportation as well as various other fields. However, with wide application use, it comes privacy infringement and security risks. Baidu's development of facial security solutions is based on live facial detection technology, deep learning AI cutting-edge technology framework, years of experience cracking down on the black market and a new generation of security SDK technology developed internally. The real-name authentication, that the facial recognition solution offers, comes with high security, passing and recognition rate. Turning away from the tradition of directly collecting camera data with the face SDK, the solution has been upgraded to collect data through a secure channel, whereby security is enhanced from code logic, method of collection and data transmission. The solution also represents the successful encryption of the white box where the collected data, images or videos, are stored. The data is decrypted and analyzed in the cloud, to avoid data tampering. This ensures the security of data transmission, guarantees the authenticity and validates the facial data collected. With high security guaranteed in data collection, the solution is also equipped with up to 10 face anti-spoofing options through images, videos, voices, moves and innovative eye color amongst other factors. All these methods help enhance the reliability and convenience of facial real-name verification in APPs, H5 and mini-programs.
Looking into the future, Baidu will continue to improve facial security technology solutions to ensure the security of facial recognition in different life cycles. Baidu will also actively cooperate with all parties in the ecosystem to effectively respond to users’ trust concerns through standard formulation, testing and evaluation, industry self-discipline and cogovernance of threats. This will enhance the industry and society’s understanding of facial recognition security issues as well as promote the healthy and orderly development of the biometrics industry.
「Case」
Baidu Face In-vivo Detection System (V2.0) Passing the TFAPP of CAICT and Rated as Excellent in Security Protection. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
One-stop Solution to Facial Recognition Security. 
APP/SDK/H5 Red Team vs Blue Team. 
Facial Security Cloud Services. 
Facial Security SDK. 
Facial Security Detection Capability. 
Risk Detection. 
Biological Probe. 
Facial SDK. 
Trusted Environment Detection. 
Deepfake Detection Result. 
Facial Recognition Services Face Spoofing. 
Intelligence from the Black Market. 
ROM Attack. 
Equipment Risk Identification Services Hostile Equipment Deepfake Detection. 
Device-User Bound Model Hostile Network Replay Attack. 
Face Authentication Behavior Model Hostile Account Interface Access Limit ②Face Verification ①Initialization and Face Verification ③ Risk Identification


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Building Trust — 18. 
Baidu has continually adhered to the concept of “pursuing win-win cooperation in an open-source environment”, actively participates in the construction of the security ecosystem, and contributes to the improvement of security technology capabilities of the entire ecosystem.
On March 20, 2021, Baidu Security and DEF CON held DEF CON CHINA Party, the world’s first online VR DEF CON. The conference brought together many experts, researchers and enthusiasts in the field of security both in and outside of China to conduct both exchanges of ideas and practical exercises, contributing to the growth of experts in China.
Initiated in 1993, DEF CON, the top conference in the global security field, annually convenes global network security researchers to conduct cutting-edge security technology exchange and research projects. In 2018, Baidu Security made great efforts to introduce DEF CON into China, that not only promoted cross-border exchange between security practitioners, but also cooperated with DEF CON to defend global network security.
In addition, Baidu introduced other international security events into China with localization and innovation efforts made. Baidu Security has held activities such as the Baidu Cybersecurity Skills Competition for College Students, Annual Festival of Baidu Security Response Center, White Hat Night of Baidu Security Response Center and cybersecurity technology exchanges in universities. In collaboration with 41 other major security response centers in China, Baidu Security also launched the DEF CON CHINA Volunteer Program to contribute to the cultivation of next-generation cybersecurity talents in China.
As an AI ecological company, Baidu always highly values privacy and data security, and has been making efforts in this regard. In the future, Baidu will also cooperate with universities and scientific research institutions to build an international exchange and cooperation platform to promote security education and nurture talents in the data security industry.
「Case」
Baidu and DEF CON Jointly Holding the World’s First VR DEF CON. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Nurturing Talents. 
Our Performance · Talent First · Professional Ethics. 
Our Practices · Case


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 01. 
Nurturing Talents. 
Baidu regards outstanding individuals and collaborative teams as the foundation of our value creation. We uphold the human resource philosophy of “recruiting the best employees, providing the largest growth space, focusing on the final results, and letting the outstanding stand out”. We also strive to achieve alignment between corporate development and employee value.
Talent First. 
Talent Protection. 
According to the Management Standard of Baidu Recruitment 1.
Baidu adheres to equal employment and diversified recruitment, implements strict job description review system, and avoids both child labor and forced labor. Baidu respects and protects the legitimate rights and interests of all employees.
In 2021, Baidu independently developed the intelligent recruitment system and diversified recruitment system and used AI to help analyze posts that suit candidates most and offer consultation to them. In addition, we attract talent that matches the needs of the posts through the project-based campus and social recruitment. We organize various wellknown competitions at home and abroad, such as Baidu Star, so as to provide green channels of campus recruitment and internship for outstanding students, as well as further enriching the talent pool.
In 2021, Baidu recruited more than 3,500 students and graduates through intern, spring campus, autumn campus and overseas campus recruitment. We hired 5,167 new female employees in 2021. As of December 31, 2021, Baidu had a total of 36,413 regular employees.
In 2021, Baidu won various honors, including “China Top 10 Best Employers” 2, “Top 10 Most Attractive Employers for College Students” 3, “Top 50 Best Employers for College. 
Recruited more than 3,500 students and graduates 5,167 new female hires 36,413 regular employees 1 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_to_the_Management_Standard_of_Baidu_Recruitment 2 2021 China Top 30 Best Employers. https://www.sohu.com/a/517057298_120636225 3 2021 College Students Seeking Stable Employment in 2021: Key SOEs, Banks and Internet companies Listed in the Top 10. https://new.qq.com/omn/20211218/20211218A0587600.html 4 Top 50 Best Employers for College Students 2021&Best and Most Attractive Employer for College Students 2021. https://hrgnode.58.com/zcm/employersBrandCelebration#/currList 5 CIWEI “Youth, Shining Power” The Second Employer Brand Festival Successfully Concluded! https://finance.ifeng.com/c/8CEdAqeZVQn 6 2021 Most Favorite Employers for Chinese College Students.https://hrawards.51job.com/channel/graduate2020.php. 
Students”, “Most Attractive Employers for College Students 2021 ” 4, “Top 10 Popular Employer Brands for the Youth” 5, and “Most Favorite Employers for Chinese College Students” 6.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 02. 
Baidu's Employee Composition. 
Indicator Category Unit 2021 Data. 
Total number of employees / Person 36,413. 
Number of employees by gender. 
Male Person 22,109. 
Female Person 14,304. 
Number of employees by age 30 years of age and under Person 20,080 31 to 40 years of age Person 15,019 41 years of age and over Person 1,314. 
Number of employees by rank. 
Senior managers Person 20. 
Middle managers Person 234. 
Junior employees Person 36,159. 
Turnover rate by age 30 years of age and under % 30.5 31 to 40 years of age % 20.0 41 years of age and over % 17.0. 
Turnover rate by region. 
Chinese mainland % 24.9. 
Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan % 35.9. 
Overseas % 30.4. 
Turnover rate by employment type. 
Full-time employees % 25.7. 
Contractors/consultants % 16.7


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 03. 
Diversity and Inclusion. 
Baidu continually improves Baidu's Human Rights Policy 7,
Baidu Employee Manual and other internal systems. We pledge to respect and protect the rights and interests of employees and to prevent any employment discrimination. Baidu requires partners and suppliers to comply with relevant regulations and encourages them to develop relevant regulations tailored to their own characteristics. We uphold the concept of gender equality, ensure equal access to employment opportunities for female employees, strictly insist on equal pay for equal work, and attract global talent.
Baidu's Employee Diversity Indicators. 
Indicator Category Unit 2021 Data. 
Proportion of female employees. 
Proportion of women in management % 43.2. 
Proportion of women in middle management % 23.9. 
Proportion of women in senior management % 25.0. 
Proportion of women in the C-suite % 22.2. 
Proportion of women in income-generating business management % 53.0. 
Proportion of women in research and development % 16.1. 
Proportion of women in technology/ engineering % 31.4. 
Minority groups. 
Employees with disabilities Person 24. 
Employees from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Person 39. 
Overseas employees Person 168. 
Minority employees Person 1,944. 
Percentage of local employment. 
South Korea % 100.0. 
The United States % 10.2. 
Japan % 62.8. 
Thailand % 50.0. 
Indonesia % 100.0 7 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu's_Human_Rights_Policy


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 04. 
Employee Care. 
In 2021, Baidu updated policies such as the Baidu Compensation Management Standard and the Baidu Instructions on Management of Leaves and Vacations 9 .On the basis of the original compensation system, performance and incentive system (see Page 34-35 of the Baidu Special Report on Human Capital 2020), the Company increased the year-end bonus for employees. In addition, Baidu invited professional third-party institutions to research and analyze excellent salary incentive practices, to ensure the external competitiveness and internal fairness of differentiated compensation strategy.
Baidu implemented a performance incentive model combining long-term and short-term incentives based on the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The equity incentive plan covers senior executives, board members, mid-level managers as well as some professional experts among rank and file employees. The employees that hold equity make up nearly half of the entire workforce. In 2021, Baidu continued to grant awards such as Baidu Top Award and Baidu Pride to outstanding employees and teams. Four teams won the Baidu Top Award with a bonus of USD 1 million respectively whilst ten teams won the Baidu Pride. More than 200 employees received a total bonus of. 
RMB 1.45 million.
In 2021, Baidu provided benefits for all regular employees and interns besides salary in terms of work-life balance, health support, and employee care (see Page 31 of the Baidu Special Report on Human Capital 2020). The Company offered staff public rental housing with related support services and launched “Baidu Gift” for family members of employees. Baidu protected the legitimate rights and interests of female employees by offering additional benefits to female employees who gave birth, adding new parental leave and parental care leave with full pay, and extending the length of maternity leave.
In 2021, Baidu organized more than 30 cultural and sports activities with various themes, including sports and competitions, festival care and lectures, to enrich employees’ cultural life and improve their sense of happiness.
Baidu has established a long-term employee engagement mechanism through establishing free speech communities such as internal online forums and classmate circles, organizing internal communication activities, and ensuring complaints, feedback and protection (see Page 26-28 of the Baidu Special Report on Human Capital 2020 8 ).
Baidu has established a comprehensive satisfaction survey and feedback mechanism. The themes of employee engagement surveys such as Mini Pulse Survey cover internal system feedback, satisfaction evaluation, product hearings, employee care and other aspects. According to the results. 
Baidu regularly organizes fire safety inspections and drills. The Company adopts prevention and control measures during the epidemic to ensure the health and safety of employees. We also offer free physical checkups for all employees. A healthy space has been set up to organize fitness and gymnastics activities. There is also the provision of third-party psychological counseling services. In 2021, Baidu equipped all the office areas with AED first aid equipment.
In 2021, no incidents of injuries, fatalities or occupational diseases occurred amongst our employees and contractors.
4 teams won the Baidu Top Award with a bonus of. 
USD 1 million respectively of Mini Pulse Survey in 2021, over 96% of respondents have a positive attitude towards working at Baidu. In 2021, Baidu carried out 44 surveys of such type, and senior executives directly responded to the topics that employees cared about through such means as live streaming. In addition, we regularly conduct organizational atmosphere surveys to reflect the overall atmosphere of the organization from the perspective of employees. This helps to assist team leaders and human resource business partners (HRBP) to better understand the organizational atmosphere and urge managers to make targeted improvements.
30 cultural and sports activities held 10 teams won the Baidu Pride with a total bonus of. 
RMB 1.45 million 8 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Special_Report_on_Human_Capital_2020 9 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_to_the_Baidu_Instructions_on_Management_of_Leaves_and_Vacations


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 05. 
Talent Cultivation. 
Baidu continually improves the Baidu Training Management Standard 10, develops diversified training courses and selfimprovement channels for all employees. A hierarchical management system has been established as well as the creation of career development training plans. In 2021, we revised the Baidu's Learning Credits (see Page 21 of the. 
Baidu has established a new mechanism to collect historical business data of mid-level managers to strengthen the management and inheritance of relevant knowledge. It also enables improved application of the experience and knowledge of various businesses and key positions to our management. Baidu also uses the convenient production tools of online Baidu School learning platform and encourages employees to actively share valuable experience and knowledge. Currently, employees have developed 2,053 courses, accounting for 34.56% of all online courses.
To comprehensively improve the management and leadership ability of managers, Baidu carried out a series of systematic leadership development projects for junior and middle management in 2021 (see Page 19 of the Baidu Special Report on Human Capital 2020). These projects covered 2,450 managers, with a satisfaction score of 9.5 points (on a scale of 0 to 10).
Baidu Special Report on Human Capital 2020) and combined the "Baidu Classmate Credit System" and the "Manager Credit System". We updated relevant provisions based on the feedback from corporate guidance, junior staff and management, so as to meet the diversified employee needs for learning and development. 
Average training hours by gender Average training hours by rank. 
Male employees. 
Male. 
Senior managers. 
Senior managers. 
Middle managers. 
Middle managers. 
Female employees. 
Female. 
Junior employees. 
Junior employees 65.8h 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 52.4h 67.5h 57.2h 60.3h. 
Baidu's Employee Training. 
Baidu further reviews employee promotion systems and development channels and adjusts the length of service required for promotion to facilitate the growth and discovery of talent whilst nurturing them with diverse abilities. We encourage our employees to study in professional institutions and obtain relevant degrees and certificates. We provide support for middle and senior management to study abroad for EMBA and offer tuition reimbursement with a specific proportion to middle and senior management who are admitted to our university partners. We also help middle and senior management improve their comprehensive management ability to enhance our inter-disciplinary talent pool. In addition, we established the Baidu AI Integration & Innovation Research Workshop, which creates opportunities for talents from multiple industries to explore paths towards integration and innovation and promotes the industrial upgrading together with workshop members, heads of our partners, and leaders of the industry.
Percentage of employees trained by gender Percentage of employees trained by rank 10 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Training_Management_Standard


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Nurturing Talents — 06. 
Professional Ethics. 
Behavioral Guidance. 
Baidu has established a sound professional ethics training and assessment system for all employees and business departments (see Page 20-21 of the Baidu Special Report on Healthy Workplace Action 2020 11).
In 2021, Baidu launched the Healthy Workplace Growth Plan. We encouraged all employees to acquire legal knowledge independently and obtain corresponding credits through assessment. We awarded the badge of Healthy Workplace Achiever to those with outstanding performance. We organized the Professional Ethics and Healthy Workplace orientation training on professional ethics redlines, reward and punishment management system and other topics. We also engaged the Institute of Psychology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in the research on preventing employee corruption. In addition, Baidu organized special training programs tailored to the characteristics of business departments. During the training,
Code of Conduct. 
The Baidu Management Measures on Business Ethics Red Lines 12 clearly specifies the countermeasure to bribery received by employees and their family members (see Page 29 of the Baidu Special Report on Healthy Workplace Action 2020).
The Baidu Foundation holds the Sunny Workplace Charity Auction twice a year, and reports all collected gifts for the auction. In 2021, the Baidu Gift Reporting System received 4,037 gift reports, and raised RMB 4,596.27 million, all of which was devoted to charities (see the case of Contributing to Society - Public Welfare Activities Initiated by Baidu Employees in this Report).
The Baidu Gift Reporting System received 4,037 gift reports. 
Check and Rectification. 
In 2021, Baidu updated existing whistleblowing systems to enhance rewards and protection for whistleblowers and provided more secured incentive measures and legal aid. In strict accordance with the Baidu Professional Ethics Reporting Management Regulations 13, the Company raised the protection for whistleblowers, kept their information strictly confidential and assigned dedicated personnel responsible for the handling of whistleblowers. In 2021, the Professional Ethics Department received 103 complaints about professional ethics. With reference to the handling results, the Professional Ethics Department further strengthened the whistleblowing mechanism, enhanced risk identification, and effectively prevented relevant risks. The department also identified 22 fraud risk points and made timely rectifications.
violations of relevant laws and professional ethics were presented by analyzing concluded corruption-related cases, enabling targeted publicity.
Baidu includes the professional ethics training course into the executive training course lists, and encourages the management to organize professional ethics activities, training, and examination. The Company also delivers work reports regarding professional ethics and compliance requirements to the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis.
In 2021, Baidu organized 32 sessions professional ethicsrelated training and more than 10 sessions professional ethicsrelated education events, achieving an employee participation rate of 100% for the professional ethics-related examination.
The Sunny Workplace Charity Auction raised RMB 4,596.27 million. 
The Professional Ethics Department received 103 complaints about professional ethics 22 fraud risk points in business processes and mechanisms through case handling identified and rectified 11 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Special_Report_on_Healthy_Workplace_Action_2020 12 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_to_the_Baidu_Management_Measures_on_Business_Ethics_Red_Lines 13 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Brief_Introduction_to_the_Baidu_Professional_Ethics_Reporting_Management_Regulations


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Nurturing Talents — 07 2021/2022 Management Trainee Program Presentation. 
Baidu actively expands talent pools and improves corporate diversity and inclusion based on development needs to further improve talent reserve and development strategies.
Dedicate to achieving diversified recruitment through different channels, in 2021, Baidu opened a large number of new positions in chip development, human resources, integrated marketing, public communication, business research and analysis and other fields. This coincided with the launch of featured campus recruitment programs such as the Management Trainee Program, and the Baidu Campus AIDU Program. These were designed to recruit social elites suitable for the technology and products-related vacancies. The efforts are aimed at cultivating a new generation of young managers and leaders in the field of technical products for an integrated technological innovation enterprise in the AI era.
To better locate the management trainee targeting groups, Baidu has established close ties with well-known universities in and outside of China, so as to achieve point-to-point recruitment where the talent demands are promoted through the faculties and career centers in these universities. The candidates are selected and trained by the directors 「Case」
Baidu Implementing Management Trainee Recruitment and the AIDU Program. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report and executives at Baidu. Through arrangements such as job rotation of key positions in core departments, tailored learning and development plans, growing with special teams, the newly recruited college graduates can grow at a fast pace into young managers at Baidu.
In 2021, through the Baidu Campus AIDU Program, Baidu implemented a “dual track” recruitment plan to recruit elite talents suitable for technical and product positions in various fields at the company. During the process, we focused mainly on recruiting the fresh graduates who have excellent performance in AI technology research and projects, or who have excellent product awareness and user thinking. Graduates were then offered highlevel team guidance, vocational training and competitive compensation and benefits. Baidu values the development and training of each AIDU candidate, creates an exclusive “AIDU Small Class” training program for them as well as assigning senior leaders as mentors with regular one-to-one communication to facilitate rapid growth.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Nurturing Talents — 08. 
B a i d u v a l u e s b o t h e m p l o y e e communication and feedback, and adopts multiple channels to monitor and survey employee satisfaction and engagement. By creating a warm corporate culture, we improve employees’ sense of happiness at work.
In 2021, besides the traditional communication activities such as the Senior Management Face to Face, 「Case」
Shanshan Fruit Tea Party. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report an internal communication meeting, Baidu also held for the first time, “Shanshan Fruit Tea Party”, a small communication meeting designed to provide opportunities for HRVP to talk face-to-face with frontline employees about their concerns and interests. The activity was held in a comfortable and cozy reading room. Management was encouraged to use this activity as a channel to communicate with their team members, to enhance team communication. As of the end of December 2021, a total of 34 sessions of the Shanshan Fruit Tea Party activity had been held with the participation of nearly 400 frontline employees.
Shanshan Fruit Tea Party 34 sessions of the. 
Shanshan Fruit Tea Party. 
Communication with 400 frontline employees


Promoting Green Ideas. 
Our Performance · Addressing Climate Change · Green Operations · Green Products and Services. 
Our Practices · Case


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 01. 
Promoting Green Ideas. 
Baidu fully recognizes the systemic impact of climate change on businesses. On June 22, 2021, Baidu announced the goal to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 at the Group operational level. Taking 2020 as the baseline year, Baidu plans to comprehensively build science-based pathways to achieve carbon neutrality in fields covering data centers, office buildings, carbon offset, intelligent transportation, intelligent cloud and supply chain, based on existing green practices and with reference to Scope 1 and Scope 2 of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP).
Addressing Climate Change. 
Addressing Climate-related Risks. 
From the Board of Directors, the CEO to the executives, Baidu clearly defines responsibilities relating to climate change. Upholding our green ideas, we analyze and respond to the operating risks and opportunities presented by climate change, and develop and implement relevant work arrangements, including the carbon neutrality target and the carbon neutrality strategy. We regularly submit climate change response disclosures to stakeholders.
In 2021, with reference to the framework and recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Baidu proactively identified and analyzed various physical and transition risks relating to climate change, assessed their financial impacts, and promptly formulated climate risk management and response measures.
Specific risk Risk description Risk response. 
Transition risk. 
Policy and legal risk. 
Environmental information disclosure As international and domestic regulatory agencies and capital market rating indexes raised the disclosure requirements for environmental information of enterprises, Baidu must continuously improve the environmental performance disclosure in terms of completeness and accuracy. Failure to disclose environmental information as required will lead to compliance risks.
• Baidu pledges to align our actions with the Paris Agreement and China’s dual carbon goals, and further plans of carbon reduction pathways. In the future, Baidu will fully consider new disclosure policies, strengthen communication with regulators, and make timely adjustments to the ESG management strategy, climate strategy and environmental information disclosure models according to the guidelines.
• As to the legal risk, the Legal Affairs Department receives consultation on commercial law risks, evaluates the legal risks faced by the Company, and regularly assesses the impact of violations on the Company.
Risk category


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 02. 
In 2021, Baidu continued to revise relevant emergency guidelines with reference to the original extreme weather emergency plan and the latest international experience in tackling climate change and emergency rescue methods adopted in China. A tiered response mechanism was adopted based on the earlywarning levels for emergencies, weather disasters and security accidents in China. Baidu also put in place an inter-departmental communication and cooperation mechanism, updated disaster information and response simultaneously, and discussed the response strategies and measures. Relevant groups, including logistics group, security group, and engineering group, cooperated with each other to implement weather emergency response measures, thereby maximizing the protection of employees’ personal and property security.
Risk description Risk response. 
Transi- tion risk. 
Technical risk. 
Low-carbon technology transition. 
As international and domestic regulatory agencies and capital market rating indexes raised the disclosure requirements for environmental information of enterprises, Baidu must continuously improve the environmental performance disclosure in terms of completeness and accuracy. Failure to disclose environmental information as required will lead to compliance risks.
• As an internet technology company, Baidu regards technological change as an integral element of the overall strategic risk. In the future, Baidu plans to identify climate-related risks with technological factors as an important consideration. Baidu will also actively engage in energy-saving and emissions reduction practices with years of layout and technological advantages in data centers, big data and AI, as well as rich experience in business service scenarios.
Market risk. 
Customers’ growing low-carbon consumption preference. 
In the context of the national “dual carbon” goals, Baidu must to apply more energy-saving and environment-friendly technologies and facilities, increase investment in energy conservation and emission reduction, build green data centers, share energy-saving and emission reduction technology applications with the society, and reduce the carbon emissions at society level.
• As a practitioner of sustainability, Baidu has established a diversified development model of green products. Through various channels and diversified promotion methods, Baidu persistently delivers the idea of sustainability to users through products. This helps users to form green living habits and guides the trend of green consumption in society.
Reputati- onal risk. 
Public doubt. 
As climate change, sustainable development and other issues become more popular, Baidu may be questioned by customers, investors and the public due to the “greenwashing behavior” if Baidu only releases the climate strategy or relevant statement without concrete actions, which will undermine the corporate image.
• In addition to the carbon neutrality target, Baidu also sorts out the existing types of business and the future development direction, comprehensively build science-based pathways to achieve carbon neutrality in fields covering data centers, office buildings, carbon offset, intelligent transportation, intelligent cloud and supply chain. Alongside aiming to achieve the carbon neutrality target in operations, Baidu also helps the society with energy conservation and emissions reduction through technologies. All these efforts prove that Baidu is making active improvements and taking measures to tackle climate change.
Physical risk. 
Acute risk. 
Impacts of extreme weather. 
Extreme weather events such as typhoons and extreme precipitation may disrupt the daily operations of data centers and the Company, thus negatively affecting the operating revenue and market value of Baidu.
• Baidu fully considers the operation conditions during extreme weather events. At the early stage of data center construction, Baidu takes the impact of various climate risks and avoids high-risk areas into account when site selecting. During daily operations, we regularly identify external risk factors in the area where the project is located and develop countermeasures. Baidu also formulates emergency response measures for extreme scenarios. Focusing on six extreme scenarios, namely public health emergency, earthquake, typhoon, fire, personnel adjustment, and security accidents, we regularly carry out emergency drills, scientifically distribute machine rooms, and prepare backup for important systems and business data, to ensure the continuity of business operations under extreme conditions.
Chronic risk. 
Change in climate and rainfall pattern. 
Changes in climate and rainfall pattern may lead to risks such as continuous high temperatures and water scarcity, which may increase the water use cost for data center operations and pose greater challenges to data center cooling and water saving technologies.
• Baidu adopts an industry-leading cooling system and improves the efficiency of water resource management in data center operation and maintenance, effectively addressing the risk of water scarcity caused by climate change.
Risk category Specific risk


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 03. 
Climate Strategy and Pathway. 
Green Finance. 
In 2021, Baidu comprehensively reviewed the energy use structure and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in operations. After scientifically assessing the potential of emission reduction and considering green actions, Baidu announced the goal to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 at the Group operational. 
Baidu provides effective and stable fund support for the carbon neutrality target through green finance. In 2021, Baidu set up a working group on sustainable finance, and issued the Baidu Sustainable Finance Framework 2, which regulates the financing for sustainability, including the use of raised funds, project selection, the management of raised funds, level. In 2021, Baidu initiated carbon accounting actions at 32 operation locations, including office buildings and data centers, to fully understand their carbon emission characteristics and assess their potential for emission reduction.
and information disclosure. Under the guidance of the Baidu Sustainable Finance Framework, Baidu successfully issued the first sustainability bond worth USD 1 billion on August 18, 2021, further enhancing the environmental performance and social impact of our operations in China and contributing to the UN SDGs.
Pathway 1: Building Green Data Centers. 
By building green data centers, Baidu continuously reduces energy consumption per unit of computing power through such means as technological innovation, the continuous iteration of software and hardware, and integration of AI and innovation applications. Meanwhile, we optimize the energy consumption structure of data centers, build new data centers in regions with rich renewable energy and increase the use of renewable energy year on year.
Pathway 2: Constructing Smart Office Buildings. 
Baidu increases energy efficiency in office buildings by using advanced technologies and management methodologies as well as measures that include the use of natural light lighting, natural ventilation, shading. Baidu also introduces new technologies, such as photovoltaic power generation, to increase the use of renewable energy in the office buildings and achieve green operations.
Pathway 3: Carbon Offset. 
Baidu adopts emission reduction measures to offset carbon footprint for operations where it is difficult to achieve zero carbon emissions.
Pathway 4: Whole-chain Carbon Reduction Technologies Empowered by Intelligent Transportation. 
Combining Baidu's scenario solutions such as intelligent transportation, intelligent connected vehicles, and smart parking with the service modes such as the mass-produced Jidu intelligent electric vehicles, MaaS 1 travel service, and autonomous driving, Baidu builds a whole-chain carbon reduction pathway to decrease carbon emissions from transportation nationwide.
Pathway 5: Energy-efficient and Carbon Reduction Technologies Empowered by Baidu AI Cloud Baidu AI Cloud enables customers, partners and other industrial stakeholders to promote energy saving and carbon reduction, and jointly help build a zero-carbon society.
Pathway 6: Partnership Mechanism for Green Supply Chain. 
Baidu builds a new responsible partnership mechanism to promote carbon reduction across supply chains and build a smart economy and green ecosystem.
1 MaaS, short for Mobility as a service, involves accessing and managing traffic-related services through electronic interactive interfaces to meet the travel requirements of consumers. 2 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Sustainable_Finance_Framework


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 04. 
Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data. 
Diesel t 617.5 184.0. 
Gasoline kg 7,911.9 8,712.7. 
Natural gas 10,000 m 3 256.5 260.0. 
Electricity kWh 529,137.4 673,829.3. 
Purchased heat GJ 75,063.7 110,680.7. 
Scope Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data. 
Scope 1 4 tCO2e 5,974.1 16,407.0. 
Scope 2 5 tCO2e 468,245.5 601,740.2. 
Scope 3 6 tCO2e 16,621.8 1,173,460.6. 
Total tCO2e 490,841.4 1,791,607.8. 
GHG emissions intensity tCO2e / person 15.6 49.2. 
Green Operations. 
Key Environmental Performance in 2021 3. 
In strict accordance with the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations, Baidu earnestly puts the idea of energy conservation and emission reduction into actions and actively implements relevant policies.
3 In 2021, Baidu's key environmental performance indicators covered all Headquarter office buildings in Beijing; Tianjin, Suzhou, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Dongguan, Chengdu, Foshan, Shenzhen, Jinan subsidiaries; R&D centers in Shanghai and Shenzhen; and all data centers. 4 irect emissions, including losses and fugitive emissions from stationary combustion sources, boilers, kitchen equipment, refrigerators, etc. 5 Indirect emissions, involving emissions from purchased electricity, steam and heating. 6 Other indirect emissions, involving employee commuting and power consumption of leased data centers. 7 Baidu's GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2 and 3) in 2021 are verified and certified by third-party professional institutions .
8 Including office paper, waste cartons, books and newspapers, scrap metal, waste plastic, kitchen waste, and other non-hazardous waste. 9 Including used lamps, used electronic equipment, used toner cartridges, and used batteries. In 2021, Baidu sold obsolete electronic equipment to the second-hand market, greatly reducing emissions from hazardous wastes.
Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data. 
Total nonhazardous waste 8 t 3,907.6 6,939. 
Nonhazardous waste intensity kg/person 0.1 0.2. 
Total hazardous waste 9 t 27.2 27.5. 
Hazardous waste intensity kg/person 0.0009 0.0008. 
Indicator Unit 2020 Data 2021 Data. 
Water consumption t 1,279,940.6 1,576,309.8. 
Water consumption intensity t/person 40.8 43.3. 
Wastewater discharged t 591,523.5 584,399.9. 
Rainwater collected t 4,900.0 6,640.0. 
Baidu's Energy Consumption. 
Waste Produced by Baidu. 
Baidu's GHG Emissions 7. 
Baidu's Water Consumption


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 05. 
Baidu adopts the industry-leading cooling system called “Iceberg” transformer cooling, liquid cooling and other new technologies. Besides supporting various cold sources and terminals, this system realizes the smooth collaboration between software and hardware whilst tapping into the natural cooling capacity. The “Iceberg” transformer cooling system is the first to introduce the oil-free concept into the air conditioning system. Built on the hardware including air pump, liquid pump, evaporative condenser and parallel terminal, and controlled by AI, the system flexibly meets the cooling needs of data centers, with energy efficiency increasing by more than 40%. Baidu also applies liquid cooling to server cooling, providing high-density cooling solutions for data centers. Due to the ultra-energy saving architecture with 100% natural cooling, the liquid cooling system improves the energy efficiency by 50% compared with traditional cooling systems and helps data centers save energy and reduce emissions.
In terms of system operation, Baidu uses the AI intelligent control system based on PaddlePaddle and builds deep learning models tailored to data centers to monitor operation data and optimize system in real time. In addition to intelligent power supply and intelligent heat dissipation, Baidu ensures the green, energy-saving and efficient operation of data centers.
Greening Our Data Centers. 
Greening our data centers is an important pathway for Baidu to achieve carbon neutrality. Baidu has established a data center low-carbon management team composed of senior executives and professional technical engineers. The team is responsible for formulating and implementing relevant systems and management standards related to energy conservation and emission reduction, as well as setting, implementing and supervising energy-saving targets. With reference to previous power usage effectiveness (PUE) 10, we also set quarterly OKR 11 for energy consumption and carbon emissions for the teams and individuals involved.
Baidu consistently strives to build low-carbon, energy-saving and environment-friendly cloud computing centers. We boast over 600 self-developed technology patents in the field of data centers. A number of original energy-saving and emissionreducing technologies are applied on a massive scale and hit numerous records both at home and abroad.
Baidu adopted the world’s first one-way main supply + UPS/ HVDC offline infrastructure power architecture for data centers and pioneered in the large-scale deployment of the server rack cabinets based on battery backup units (BBU) in China with the power supply efficiency up to 99.5%. In November 2021, along with seven partners, Baidu launched the Pinghu DC lithium battery system. Through such means as the customized control system, linkage with AI technologies, and optimization of power supply, Baidu made the system “safe, reliable, intelligent, efficient, flexible, and economical” whilst also realizing the function of peak load regulation. This promoted the low-carbon and efficient transition of Baidu's data centers. As Baidu's inhouse cutting-edge technology for data centers, the Pinghu DC lithium battery system has been applied in several data center parks, which undeniably proved that the technology is highly feasible and advanced.
Over 600 self-developed technology patents. 
The power supply efficiency reaches as high as 99.5% 10 Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) is the ratio between the total energy used by a data center and the energy delivered to IT equipment. It is a commonly used metric for the energy efficiency of a data center. A PUE value approaching 1.0 would indicate 100% energy efficiency in the data center. 11 OKR refers to Objectives and Key Results.
The liquid cooling system improves the energy efficiency by 50%
The “Iceberg” transformer cooling system improves energy efficiency by more than 40%


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 06. 
The average annual PUE of all Baidu's self-built data centers reached 1.16. 
The average annual PUE of the most energy-efficient single data center decreased to 1.08. 
Reduced GHG emissions by approximately 577 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent. 
In addition, Baidu utilizes the tidal computing technology to comprehensively integrate and coordinate online and offline computing resources, thus realizing cross-business flow and reuse and meeting the demand for new resources in some business scenarios. In 2021, the average annual PUE of Baidu's self-built data centers reached 1.16 12, and the average annual PUE of the most energy-efficient single data center decreased to 1.08, earning Baidu a leading position in the industry.
In addition to innovation-driven energy conservation and emission reduction, Baidu actively explores and uses clean energy. For example, rooftop photovoltaic systems and other renewable energy power generation projects are carried out in self-built data centers. The Company also signs contracts with partners to purchase renewable energy. In 2021, our data centers generated 268,021 kWh of renewable energy and purchased 500,000 kWh of green electricity, and reduced GHG emissions by approximately 577 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent.
With the wastewater recovery and reuse technologies, Baidu carries out the ultrafiltration, desalination and other treatments to turn the wastewater into qualified cooling water, which will be used in the refrigeration system. The water retention rate of the cooling water system reaches 44.8%. For the Baidu Yangquan Data Center Phase 1, the sewage discharged per day was reduced by 1,328 tons.
The water retention rate of the cooling water system reaches 44.8% 12 Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) is the ratio between the total energy used by a data center and the energy delivered to IT equipment. It is a commonly used metric for the energy efficiency of a data center. A PUE value approaching 1.0 would indicate 100% energy efficiency in the data center. 13 WUE (Water use efficiency) is the ratio between water consumption of data center and the electricity consumption of IT equipment.
While continuously reducing the energy consumption of data centers, Baidu adopts various measures for water management:
Recording the water consumption of the equipment room and office area daily.
Regularly inspecting and maintaining water supply equipment and facilities.
Regularly compiling water quality test reports.
Regularly observing and analyzing the water consumption, conducting weekly statistical analysis of water consumption and WUE 13, making reports, checking and improving the abnormal consumption of water resources in a timely manner.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 07. 
Greening Our Offices. 
Upholding the idea of scientific energy management, Baidu establishes various energy statistical ledgers, formulates the Monthly Energy Analysis, records and analyzes energy use, and guides the revision of relevant systems with actual data. Besides, Baidu make continuous efforts to obtain the international standardized energy management system and environmental management system certifications. As of. 
December 31, 2021, Baidu's office buildings became the ISO 50001 energy management system certified. The Company’s property manager Anxinhang Property Management held the ISO 14001:2015 environmental management system certification. All of these efforts further realize the value of green supply service chain.
In 2021, Baidu improved operational energy efficiency by launching multiple initiatives:
Installing the photovoltaic power generation equipment on the unoccupied roofs.The photovoltaic systems installed on the roofs of Baidu Campus and Penghuan Building generate 1 million kWh of electricity annually, reducing carbon dioxide emissions by around 600 tons.
Replacing ordinary lamps with 27,000 LED lights at Baidu Technology Park, saving 1.81 million kWh of electricity annually.
Improving building airtightness and insulation performance to reduce energy loss.
Installing a solar hot water system on the roof of Baidu Technology Park (Phase 2), generating 7,200 tons of hot water annually and reducing the gas consumption of gas boilers by about 54,000 m 3.
Checking the operation of the central air conditioner, replacing the air conditioner filter mesh regularly, checking and cleaning the water filter monthly, to reduce the operating resistance and energy consumption of fans and circulating pumps.
Adopting the building control system which combines intelligent lighting system with air conditioning system to reduce energy consumption of lighting and air conditioning equipment.
Generating 1 million kWh of electricity annually. 
Reducing carbon dioxide emissions by around 600 tons. 
Reducing the gas consumption of gas boilers by about 54,000 m 3. 
Saving 1.81 million kWh of electricity annually


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 08. 
Baidu insists on water-saving management in daily offices, optimizing and upgrading the equipment whilst strengthening wastewater treatment and recycling of water resources. The water treatment system of Baidu Campus reused 3,836 tons of wastewater annually in 2021 and turned wastewater into flushing water. Baidu persists in publicizing water conservation among our employees.
Baidu insists on refined waste management. The production of all types of waste are monitored and recorded on a daily basis as well as the deposit of waste according to type in order to improve the recycling efficiency. In the daily operation and office, Baidu sells the electronic products with reuse value into the second-hand market to reduce the discharge of hazardous waste.
The water treatment system of Baidu Campus reused 3,836 tons of waste water in 2021. 
Baidu's Office Waste in 2021. 
Office waste category Unit 2021 Data. 
Office paper kg 9,399.7. 
Waste cartons, books and newspapers kg 17,904.4. 
Scrap metal kg 640.0. 
Waste plastics kg 984.0. 
Tube piece 57,068.0. 
Electronic equipment set 1,464.0. 
Toner cartridge and ink cartridge piece 241.0. 
Battery piece 32,640.0. 
Kitchen waste t 2,926.2. 
Others t 3,983.9


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 09. 
Green Products and Services. 
Intelligent Transportation. 
Developing intelligent and green transportation is an important pathway for Baidu to contribute to the national “dual carbon” goals. Relying on intelligent connected vehicle technology, Baidu develops intelligent transportation products and comprehensively upgrades vehicles, roads and modes of travel.
• Cooperating with FAW to launch Hongqi EV, China’s first mass-produced self-driving passenger car (Robotaxi), to facilitate the promotion and development of new energy vehicles (NEV).
• Cooperating with ARCFOX to launch Apollo Moon, a new-generation, mass-produced NEV model built on the lightweight “ANP-Robotaxi” architecture 14 to reduce production materials use and save resources.
• Developing smart traffic signals, which can intelligently change the duration of traffic lights according to traffic volume, reduce the traffic congestion and cut carbon emissions from parking.
• Developing sixth-generation smart parking with large-tilt-angle, highlevel video technology and functions such as parking space guidance, unmanned charging, and unmanned management, to greatly improve parking space operation efficiency, and reduce the carbon emissions generated by vehicles due to seeking parking space and paying fees.
• Building Baidu ACE intelligent transportation engine 15 and the fullstack intelligent transportation system to meet the needs of intelligent transportation in various scenarios and comprehensively promote lowcarbon travel.
• Launching Luobokuaipao, a new autonomous ride-hailing platform which covers various models and utilizing the big data technology to optimize resource allocation and decision-making. Providing green and low-carbon travel services for the public. Modes of travel. 
Vehicles. 
Roads 14ANP-Robotaxi is an architecture combining L4 Robotaxi autonomous driving technology and L2+ driver assistance features 15 Baidu ACE intelligent transportation engine is a full-stack intelligent transportation solution unveiled by Baidu Apollo. ACE is short for Autonomous Driving, Connected Road, and Efficient Mobility.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 10. 
Baidu AI Cloud. 
Facing the opportunities presented by the national “dual carbon” strategy, Baidu leverages the digital and intelligent technologies to empower the design, construction, operation and sustainability of zero-carbon parks. The Baidu digital and intelligent zero-carbon park maturity model has been developed to conduct zero-carbon evaluation, research the zero-carbon pathway through top-level design, and further steer the development of zero-carbon parks. In doing this, Baidu finally extended the “dual carbon” solutions to all aspects of zero-carbon parks.
Aligning with relevant standards and guidelines, such as the National Low-carbon City Evaluation Index System, the Europe-China Eco-Cities Index System Indicator System, the Evaluation Guide for Low-carbon Parks, and the Standard for Design of Intelligent Building, and the Assessment Standard for Green Eco-district, Baidu has developed an index system featuring efficient energy, low-carbon transportation, green building, ecological carbon sinks, environmental quality, and recycling. This provides a theoretical basis and control standard for the digital and intelligent construction of zero-carbon parks.
Baidu's Digital and Intelligent Solutions for Zero-carbon Parks. 
High-efficiency energy management. 
Low-carbon building operation. 
Resource recycling Green financing assurance. 
Intelligent transportation emission reduction. 
Ecological carbon sink analysis. 
Environmental quality management. 
Relying on Baidu Smart Internet of Things (IoT) Platform, Du Neng Comprehensive Energy Service Platform blends AI with energy scenarios to provide enterprise customers with energy management, energy efficiency optimization, carbon emissions, and carbon asset management services, thereby facilitating the green and low-carbon transformation of enterprises.
With water quality and quantity management and comprehensive watercourse management functions, Baidu Smart Water Platform provides integrated water management services for enterprises, including water quality management and comprehensive canal management, thereby contributing to the effectiveness of comprehensive water environment management.
Baidu Renewable Resources Management System effectively coordinates the solid waste transportation systems in zero-carbon parks. In addition to garbage classification and traceability, garbage transportation route optimization, and whole-process garbage transportation tracking, the system can also build and manage the archive of resident garbage classification information. This promotes renewable resource transportation in an information-based, intelligent, efficient, and lowcarbon manner.
To facilitate the implementation of zero-carbon park solutions, Baidu AI Cloud has developed a series of energy and resource management platforms:


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 11. 
Green Apps. 
Jidu. 
Baidu has added a “green module” in Apps to raise the public awareness of environmental protection in daily life. Baidu has developed an AI Waste Sorting mini program to assist our users with garbage classification. In addition, Baidu Maps also launches new services, such as Green Travel Program and New Energy Navigation to diversify the green travel experience for our users.
Jidu is a robocar startup sponsored by Baidu and strategically invested by Geely. It is devoted to the engineering, R&D and commercialization of the world’s top autonomous driving and human-computer interaction technologies. The company aims to create revolutionary robocars with emotions and wisdom, help people enjoy more space and time, and achieve more possibilities.
The robocars of Jidu are defined by “free mobility, natural communication and self-growth”. Empowered by cutting-edge core technologies such as intelligent driving and intelligent cockpit, Jidu brings an energy-saving, environment-friendly and intelligent travel experience to users.
Built in line with the Sustainable Experience Architecture (SEA), the world-class pure electric vehicle architecture, Jidu has developed the industry-leading L4 autonomous driving technology architecture JET, which integrates the Electrical & Electronic Architecture (EEA) and Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA). As a new-generation electric vehicle enterprise, Jidu adopts advanced electric vehicle technologies. 
Free mobility. 
With the L4 autonomous driving capabilities, the robocar can automatically plan routes and shorten the travel time for users.
Natural communication. 
The robocar has the functions of human-vehicle interaction and speech semantics, which enables it to accurately identify and sense user emotions and respond to user needs in real time.
Self-growth. 
The robocar is capable of selflearning and iteration according to users’ habits, constantly optimizing autonomous driving and intelligent cockpit experience, and offering safe travel services.
01 02 03 to reduce the consumption cost of travel and helps the public practice the idea of green and low-carbon travel. While offering a more convenient travel experience, the autonomous driving technology can improve the utilization rate of traffic roads, reduce the carbon emissions caused by congestion, and advance the green transformation of the transportation system.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Promoting Green Ideas — 12. 
Liquid Cooling System. 
The liquid cooling technology, as a replacement of air-cooling technology, can reduce the power consumption of the aircooling system and meet the increasing heat dissipation requirements of servers. To support the implementation of liquid cooling technology, Baidu continuously updates the cold-plate liquid cooling system and promotes the large-scale application of immersion liquid cooling server.
The cold-plate liquid cooling technology has the advantages of low noise and energy saving. In 2021, Baidu, as one of the sponsors of the Scorpio Project, took the lead to release. 
The immersion liquid cooling technology is characterized by higher heat transfer efficiency, which makes it the most energy saving and efficient technology. Baidu will launch the immersion liquid-cooled cabinet and immersion liquid-cooled computing server in 2022. The single-phase immersion liquid-cooled technology can achieve zero power consumption of server fans. The power consumption of the single general-purpose computing server and the single GPU server is expected to be. 
X-MAN 4.0 liquid-cooled Plate Server. 
Baidu's Liquid Immersion Cooling Cab the Scorpio Open Standard 4.0 for Liquid-Cooled Cabinets in the Open Data Center Committee (ODCC), which is the first industry standard for the cold-plate liquid-cooled cabinet. This standard not only regulates the cabinet servers in China but also promotes the large-scale application of liquid cooling technology. In addition, Baidu plans to develop the cold-plate liquid-cooled general-purpose computing server in 2022, which can reduce the power consumption of the single server by at least 3%. Baidu will carry out a pilot project to launch the second-generation cold-plate liquid cooled GPU server to support eight GPU. At that time, the power consumption of the server fans will be reduced by about 80% and that of a single GPU server will be decreased by at least 12%.
reduced by at least 5% and 13.5%, respectively. In the future, Baidu will promote the large-scale application of immersion liquid-cooled servers, advance the qualitative transformation of data centers from air to liquid-cooled data centers, realize the energy conservation and emission reduction of data centers, and contribute to the national initiative to channel the computing demands of east China into west China as well as the “dual carbon” targets.
Baidu will launch the immersion liquid cooled cabinet and immersion liquid cooled computing server in 2022，the power consumption of the single generalpurpose computing server is expected to be reduced by at least 5%
The power consumption of the single GPU server is expected to be reduced by at least 13.5%
Baidu plans to develop the coldplate liquid cooled general-purpose computing server in 2022, which can reduce the power consumption of the single server by at least 3%


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Promoting Green Ideas — 13. 
While pursuing carbon neutrality in daily operations, Baidu also contributes to the energy transformation and conversation, and emission reduction of the whole society by harnessing technological advantages. By offering Baidu AI Cloud technologies, we support the efforts of ourselves, customers, partners and other stakeholders in the industry to jointly cope with climate change.
Focusing on intelligence information network building and the integration and application of information resources, Baidu assisted Baoding Municipal People’s Government in building the first intelligent transportation program in Hebei province. The center, also the “Baoding AI Traffic Management Brain”, will enable comprehensive data access, governance, analysis and application, as well as presenting a new development paradigm with traffic command, traffic congestion relief and traffic safety management integrated with the feature of “one-image display, oneclick dispatch, front-line tracking, full closedloop management” integrated.
In the program, 176 intelligent intersections were set up in the downtown of Baoding to manage vehicles in an automatic, precise and intelligent manner in addition to achieving intelligent timing of signal lights. When the center was put into use, the number of undesirable driving scenarios such as tapping on brakes to slow down, idling and waiting, and slow-speed traffic at the intersections among main roads witnessed significant decrease. At present, the congestion index during peak hours in downtown Baoding has dropped by 4.6%, average traffic flow speed increased by 11.6%, efficiency of traffic flow at a single intersection increased by over 5.3%, average vehicle intersection-passing time reduced by around 20%, and average vehicle speed grown by 6.5 km/h. The average carbon emission reduction of each intersection is around 138.6 tons per year, and the emission reduction rate is 20 to 30%. Assuming that 300 intelligent intersections are set up in Baoding, then a carbon emission reduction of 41,600 tons can be achieved annually. This is equivalent to total carbon dioxide emissions produced by 14,000 private cars in a year, demonstrating a remarkable carbon emission reduction capability.
「Case」
Baidu's Intelligent Traffic Control System Contributing to Emission Reduction in the Transportation Industry. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Baoding AI Traffic Management Brain


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Promoting Green Ideas — 14. 
Baidu actively responds to the national low- carbon development strategy, continues to carry out technological innovation, actively applies cutting-edge technologies for energy conservation and emission reduction, establishes green data centers, and realizes a high- efficiency, low-emission operation model.
Baidu Cloud Computing Center in Yangquan (Baidu Yangquan Data Center) has been continuously developing innovative technologies since its operation, realizing energy conservation, emission reduction and resource utilization efficiency improvement in all links of operations. In terms of electronic architecture, the world’s first Mains Supply +
UPS/HVDC offline infrastructure and China’s first distributed battery backup units (BBU) based cabinet server installed in the data center, enables a power supply efficiency of 99.5%. In terms of cooling systems, the “zero-power” rooftop cooling system OCU independently developed by Baidu, has integrated with the high-temperature server technology and a new type of air distribution.
This has enabled over 98% of cooling time to be free of charge. The PaddlePaddle deep learning structure employed in the center can 「Case」
Baidu Yangquan Data Center Awarded the First 5A Green Data Center Certification in China. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report build deep learning model to realize intelligent optimization of the cooling source system.
The center actively adopts clean and low- carbon energy. In 2015, the solar photovoltaic power generation project was designed to make full use of the roof space of the center, leading to it becoming the first data center in. 
China to apply solar photovoltaic direct grid- connected power generation technology. Since 2017, it has contracted 156 million kWh of renewable energy including wind power.
In October 2020, Yangquan Data Center introduced the electromagnetic wave technology and conducted testing and verification. By leveraging electromagnetic wave transmitters and through the oscillations of magnetic wave in different frequency bands, the technology can change the energy of water molecules to enhance activation energy, thereby achieving such effects as anti-scaling, anti-corrosion, sterilization and algae suppression. Compared with traditional water treatment methods that use chemical agents, the electromagnetic wave technology improves the efficiency of water treatment by achieving a higher conductivity through increased upper limits of the conductivity of sewage. After a year of operation and testing, we have found that one set of cooling unit has the potential to reduce annual sewage discharge by 3,000 tons and save water consumption by over 25%.
On May 13, 2015, Baidu Yangquan Data Center. 
Module 1# was awarded the title of “Carbon. 
Neutral Data Center Leader” (5A) - the highest level of green data center certification and became the first green data center in China to receive this honor. It has been included in the White Paper on the Development of. 
Low-carbon Data Center as an outstanding example and has become a low-carbon benchmark amongst data centers.
Baidu Yangquan Data Center Awarded the First 5A Green Data Center Certification in China. 
The pioneering installment of distributed battery backup units (BBU) based cabinet server enables a power supply efficiency of 99.5%
One set of cooling unit can reduce annual sewage discharge by. 
Saving water consumption by over 3,000 tons 25%
Since 2017, Baidu Yangquan Data Center has contracted 156 million kWh of renewable energy including wind power


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Promoting Green Ideas — 15 their habits and avoid carbon emissions caused by selecting wrong routes.
Baidu has also launched a number of low-carbon and inclusive initiatives to encourage users to actively join in green travel. When users select green travel options, the amount of carbon emissions reduced is manifested as points in their accounts, which can be redeemed in various ways such as e-coupons, vouchers, memberships of Baidu Netdisk,
Baidu Wenku and iQIYI that can be found on the rewards page of the Baidu Maps. 
APP. For users in Beijing, their Baidu. 
Maps account can be combined with the Beijing Municipal Administration &
Communication Card to receive rewards if they choose green travel. By December 31, 2021, Baidu Maps’ Low-Carbon. 
Plan had received more than 40 million visits throughout the year, and the accumulated carbon dioxide emissions reduced was in excess of 3,800 tons.
Navigation Services for NEVs. 
Switching the automobile industry to new energy is an important strategy for. 
China to achieve carbon neutrality goals.
In 2021, by leveraging advantages in profiling the landscape, Baidu Maps added the module of “Navigation Services for. 
NEVs” to provide route guidance for NEVs to be recharged. The module offers a one- stop service that covers the location of charging piles, route planning, navigation, scanning QR code to recharge, thereby increasing the convenience of using NEVs and expanding their travel range.
Unlike gas stations, the lack of sufficient charging piles and their uneven distribution have been troubling the users of NEVs.
To alleviate the problem, Baidu Maps’ “Navigation Services for NEVs” function can enable users to get to know the availability and types of charging piles by searching, checking surroundings, using the map of charging piles and looking at the dynamic recommendations.
Baidu Maps is able to estimate the potential power consumption of choosing a specific route based on basic information of the roads, real-time road conditions and related power consumption factors. Therefore, it can intelligently plan the optimized routes for NEV users and navigate them to the charging pile. Users are also reminded of the real-time status of the charging piles along the way. This function can not only plan the most suitable route for NEV users to get their vehicles recharged, but also enable them accurately locate charging piles on the APP conveniently, thus freeing them from travel anxieties about recharging.
Baidu has developed green products in active response to China’s call for switching to green and low-carbon development.
Baidu Maps has launched the “Low-Carbon. 
Planning” and “Navigation Services for. 
New Energy Vehicles (NEVs)” program, with an aim of promoting the concept of green consumption among users. This will accelerate the transition to green consumption and contribute to achieving the national carbon neutrality goal.
“Low-Carbon Plan” Program. 
Since 2020, in order to promote the concept of low-carbon travel and green life, Baidu has participated in the MaaS Alliance Forum, and worked closely with Beijing Municipal of Transport, as well as other parties related to the alliance, to jointly launch the “Low-
Carbon Plan” program.
In 2021, Baidu Maps continued to optimize such aspects as location positioning, route guidance, and route planning to provide users with high-quality travel services. In terms of location positioning,
Baidu introduced the multi-dimensional positioning technology to stably present positioning information in indoors, tunnels and other places where GPS is not available, to guide users to the destination quickly. In terms of route guidance,
Baidu Maps refined the blueprints of intersections and leveraged the AR technology to reduce the probability of users going wrong at intersections and being led into cobweb-like paths. In terms of route planning, Baidu has optimized the road network model to provide users with route designs that are more in line with 「Case」
Baidu Maps Helping Promote Green Transportation. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
More than 40 million visits throughout the year. 
Reduced carbon dioxide emissions by over 3,800 tons


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Promoting Green Ideas — 16. 
Dedicated to promoting the concept of Shared Life on the Earth among the public, Baidu Baike cooperates with all sectors of society and leverages platform advantages to conduct a series of publicity activities aimed at protecting the ecosystem. Thus, the public can have a better understanding of the harmonious coexistence between humanity and nature.
In 2021, Baidu Baike worked with the Center for Environmental Education and Communications of Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the PRC (CEEC), and together launched the “Harmonious Coexistence” popularization program. This promoted education and the dissemination of information on the protection of ecological environment through live broadcasts, short videos 「Case」
Baidu Baike Conducting Biodiversity Popularization Activities. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report and trustable entries. The program has been listed by the Ministry as one of the 15 important publicity campaigns for COP15 1 During the first phase of COP15, Baidu Baike launched the first episode of the “Harmonious Coexistence” popularization program — “Baidu Wiki Virtual Zoo” wildlife conservation live broadcasts, in which wildlife protection volunteers, popular science writers and celebrities were invited to visit various parks including Xining Wildlife Park and Nanjing Hongshan Forest Zoo. In the parks, four sessions of livestreaming were held to introduce popular local species, and increase the awareness of scientific knowledge of animal protection, animal medical treatment and extinct animals to the public. According to statistics, the total number of audiences exceeded 1.5 million, and the short videos cut from the live broadcasts went viral online, with a total of 5 million views.
In addition, Baidu Baike and the Science and Technology Popularization Department of China Association for Science and Technology jointly launched the “Construction of Aggregate Searching for Science Popularization in China” pilot project, bringing high-quality popular science content to users in areas including but not limited to cuttingedge technology, environment, ecology, and biology. A total of 3,000 customized Q&A cards, 50 popular animal cards and three special themed cards were developed in the project. The project is expected to have more than 30 million views by the end of May 2022.
Popular Animal Cards 1.5 million live stream viewers 1 COP 15 refers to the fifteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity. It was held in Kunming, China in October 2021, themed with ecological civilization for the first time.
3,000 customized Q&A cards 50 popular animal cards 3 special themed cards


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 17. 
Improving Services. 
Our Performance · Content Management · User Experience · Intellectual Property Rights Management. 
Our Practices · Case


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 01. 
Improving Services. 
Baidu is committed to providing users with high-quality products and services. Baidu values online content management, continuously improves user experience, protects intellectual property rights and respects the creative works of others, realizing corporate social value.
Content Management. 
Product Content Management. 
Baidu has formulated a standardized product content management system, unified risk control standards, established a content risk management department, conducted compliance management of products and services and fulfilled the main responsibilities of the online information content service platform.
In 2021, Baidu continued to optimize the risk identification process, innovate the AI identification technology, and enhance the ability to actively detect risks. Baidu comprehensively expanded the scope of content recognition, and fully improved the efficiency and accuracy of content recognition through refining direction of text recognition and enhancing the efficiency of picture and text retrace with the Natural Language Processing (NLP) 1 and static OCR recognition technology for pictures. In addition, the Company has carried out special actions on content management and built the identification strategy model for different special topics including celebrity fan culture, historical nihilism, underground economies, to effectively improve the accuracy of content identification.
Baidu regularly conducts content management training activities, including empowerment training for new hires and regular trainings for all employees. In 2021, 265 training sessions were conducted in this regard.
265 content management training sessions in 2021. 
Using the Natural Language. 
Processing (NLP) and static. 
OCR recognition technology for pictures. 
Refining direction of text recognition. 
Comprehensively expanding the scope of content recognition. 
Enhancing the efficiency of picture and text retrace. 
Fully improving the efficiency and accuracy of content recognition 1 Natural Language Processing (NLP) is an important direction in computer science and artificial intelligence, studying theories and methods that can realize effective communication between people and computers with natural language.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 02. 
Baidu continues to combat all kinds of harmful information on the Internet and regularly releases the Monthly Report of Comprehensive Governance of Information Security, intercepting malicious information 56 billion times, blocking harassment of users from suspected fraud websites and Apps 27 million times, and protecting their personal information from malicious disclosure 220,000 times a day.
Baidu respects cultural diversity, provides users with equal and diversified quality services and guarantees freedom of speech based on safeguarding public interests. We attach great importance to the protection of minors and launch a series of “protecting minors” services, including the launching of a dedicated hotline for minors, releasing teen network mode, limiting the teen’s screen time, and building a response mechanism for vulgar content.
In addition, Baidu actively carries out wildlife protection and public health management actions through wildlife keyword increase and targeting key Tieba forums. In 2021, Baidu wildlife keyword increased to 3,497, including ivory trafficking, wildlife hunting and other content. Baidu Tieba optimized a total of 819,000 pieces of wildlife information.
Combating Harmful Information. 
Optimizing Content Ecology. 
Intercepting malicious information for 56 billion times. 
Blocking harassment of users from suspected fraud websites and Apps for 27 million times. 
Baidu wildlife keyword increased to 3,497 in 2021. 
Protecting personal information of users from malicious disclosure 220,000 times a day. 
Baidu Tieba optimized a total of 819,000 pieces of wildlife information. 
Violence. 
Pornography. 
Tobacco product. 
Alcohol product. 
Weapon. 
Gambling. 
Discrimination 120,000 pieces 120,000 pieces 438,000 pieces 30,000 pieces 36,000 pieces 19,810,000 pieces 146 pieces. 
Number of Harmful Information Deleted by Baidu in 2021


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 03. 
Business Promotion Content Management. 
Baidu has built a risk control system of “AI inspection plus human double-check plus human patrol”, which realized the full life cycle content management system for business promotion through the inspection mechanism of pre-monitoring, instant interception, and post-tracing processes (see page 77 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report 2 for further details). In addition, Baidu built a model based on deep image semantics and designed an algorithm based on the temporal changes of video frames, which effectively improved the accuracy of inspection of business promotion content. In 2021, Baidu AI robots inspected 11.3 billion pieces of business promotion information per day on average and filtered more than 1.57 million banned terms in total.
To better empower our partners, Baidu regularly carry out advertising management training for agents and strengthen business promotion control. The “Jimuyu” product was launched to provide advertisers with a unified website building tool to ensure the compliance and authenticity of business promotion. In addition, Baidu further protects users from frauds, by carrying out offline verification of advertisers’ information.
Baidu AI robots inspected 11.3 billion pieces of business promotion information per day. 
Filtered more than 1.57 million banned terms. 
Baidu verified 1,314 medical entities offline in 2021. 
Baidu's offline verification covered 35,946 advertisements in 2021. 
Baidu identifies risks existing in the diagnosis and treatment process of private hospitals, carries out on-site investigations on malpractices such as exaggerating illness, over-examination, over-treatment, practicing medicine without a license, excavates the “bad money” subjects of the medical industry, and promotes the ecological health of the medical industry. In 2021, Baidu verified 1,314 medical entities offline, and assessed the risk level according to the verification conclusion, with corresponding penalties and rectification measures taken.
Baidu conducts WeChat and telephone research on advertisers of pharmaceutical products, catering food, health food, cosmetics and medical devices, to have deep insights into advertisers’ promotion methods, products, and service scope, and comprehensively identify and crackdown on high-risk products. In 2021, Baidu's offline verification covered a total of 35,946 advertisements, involving 8,500 promotion subjects, and achieved full real-time coverage of advertisers, all of which were given corresponding disposal measures according to the verification conclusion.
Offline verification of medical institutions Offline verification of pharmaceutical products, catering food, health food, cosmetics, and medical devices 2 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_2020_Environmental,_Social_and_Governance_Report


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 04. 
User Experience. 
Protecting Users’ Rights and Interests. 
Improving User Experience. 
Baidu has established a customer protection service system to improve advanced service in terms of organizational, innovation and service capacity.
Baidu launched the result labeling function for official website searching to protect users from malicious sites (see page 79 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report for furtherdetails). To improve the resolution rate of both online and offline service disputes, Baidu launched the “Baidu Netizen Rights Protection Plan” and set up the “Baidu People’s Mediation Committee” to better protect users’ rights and interests. As of December 31, 2021, 34,000 offline disputes had been resolved. Baidu also regularly launched a series of live-streaming of “Safeguarding Heroes” to popularize network security knowledge to users, with more than 500,000 viewers in total for this activity.
Baidu has improved response mechanisms to customer complaints by setting up diversified channels including a hotline, website, mailbox, and reception room. In 2021, Baidu handled 100% of online complaints. Baidu also conducted regular surveys on users’ satisfaction with complaint settlement, earning 95% of user satisfaction for Baidu hotline and 82% for online consultation in 2021.
Guided by user needs, Baidu continues to improve the popularity and applicability of products from product design, development, upgrading and other links, launch elderly-oriented products, and create information barrier-free experience.
In 2021, the first group standard for complaint handling service for internet enterprises in China was issued and Baidu played a leading role in its drafting. Its release and implementation are pivotal in regulating the development of the industry, reducing internet complaints and improving people’s sense of gain and satisfaction.
Specification of Excellent Complaints Handling Service for Internet Enterprises. 


ICS 03.080.030 CCS. 
A12 团 体 标 准
T/ISC 0014—2021 
互联网企业投诉处理优质服务规范 
Specification of excellent complaints handling service for internet enterprises 

 
2021-12 -21 发布 2021-03-21 实施 中国互联网协会 发 布 34,000 offline disputes resolved. 
Baidu regularly launched a series of live-streaming of “Safeguarding Heroes” Attracting over 500,000 viewers 100% of online complaints handled 95% of user satisfaction for Baidu hotline 82% of user satisfaction for online consultation. 
Baidu also set up the Duyouyou Service Committee, inviting experts both inside and outside of the industry to study service strategies and jointly supervise the service, to further promote the healthy development of high-quality service in the industry. Baidu cooperated with China Consumers’ Association to hold a consumer rights protection activity themed “Safeguarding Safety for Unimpeded Consumption” for the improvement of consumer quality.
Offer Letter of the Duyouyou Service Committee


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 05. 
Intellectual Property Rights Management. 
Patent System Construction. 
Baidu has strengthened independent innovation atmosphere, formulated a sound management system and mechanism for intellectual property rights protection, organized training on the popularization of intellectual property rights knowledge, and invited external experts to conduct training for all employees to improve the employees’ understanding of the importance of sustainable development and innovation. In 2021, Baidu conducted a total of 60 training sessions on intellectual property rights with more than 3,000 participants.
Innovation and Development Achievements. 
Baidu has made remarkable achievements in research, development, and innovation of AI technology. Currently, Baidu has filed more than 13,000 AI patent applications with more than 3,600 granted, holding the first place in China in terms of AI patent applications and grants for four consecutive years. The number of patent applications and patent quality of deep learning, natural language processing, intelligent voice, knowledge mapping, automatic driving, intelligent recommendation, wisdom mapping, computer vision and other offshoots ranked first in China. The number of patent applications in wise information technology of med(WITMED), smart city and other branches ranked first in China. In September 2021, according to the global Deep Learning 2021 Patent Landscape released by Questel, the world’s leading intellectual property solution provider, Baidu made efforts to innovate in key core technologies such as deep learning, with a rapid increase in patent applications, ranking first in the world. In December 2021, Intellectual Asset Management (IAM), an authoritative international Intellectual property media, reported on the Self-Driving Vehicles Patent Landscape Study of Clarivate Analytics. Baidu ranked first in autonomous driving patent application (by family) and second in intelligent transportation patent application (by family) in the world. In 2021, Baidu filed more than 5,900 patent applications with more than 2,700 patents granted.
60 training sessions on intellectual property rights 3,000 participants. 
Over 13,000. 
AI patent applications. 
Over 5,900 patent applications


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Improving Services — 06. 
Safeguarding Original Rights and Interests. 
Baidu respects every intellectual property achievement. To protect the intellectual property of content producers, the Company has established the Baidu Copyright Service Platform and provided smooth channels for user complaints and feedback. In June 2021, Baidu Baijiahao officially announced the comprehensive upgrade of the “Protection Plan for Original Content” 3 to accurately crack down on plagiarism and safeguard the rights and interests of originators.
Leading Ecological Coconstruction. 
Baidu, demonstrating our strength as an “industry leader”, empowers the prosperous AI ecology with the advantages of leading AI patents in the cooperative spirit of openness and inclusiveness.
In 2021, Baidu released the White Paper on Baidu AI Patents, which showed Baidu's exploration and practices in the creation, transformation, and application of AI patents and expanded the way to realize patent value. In addition, Baidu promoted the Patent Protection Association of China (PPAC) to establish an AI Professional Committee and an AI Industry Intellectual Property Operation Center in Beijing to enhance the independent intellectual property capability of the industrial chain.
In 2021, Baidu joined hands with seven Chinese AI-related enterprises, including Alibaba, Auto Quicker, Ant Technology, Midea, Meizu and Shangtang Technology, to jointly set up a patent pool of the AI industry based on voluntariness, equality, mutual benefit, and collaboration, aiming at serving public welfare and society, to jointly guide patent creation and realize patent value.
Baidu has set up teams such as open-source offices, opensource law groups and security groups to ensure licensing compliance and the respect of third-party intellectual property rights. The Report on the AI Open-source Ecology and Intellectual Property released by CAICT in September 2021 shows that the domestic open-source projects represented by Baidu PaddlePaddle’s deep learning framework and the Apollo autonomous driving platform have grown into the top open-source projects in the world. As of 2021, Baidu led 21 open-source organizations and more than 1,000 opensource projects on Github, with more than 18,000 community contributors and more than 370,000 stars gained.
Baidu led 21open-source organizations on Github. 
Baidu led over 1,000 open-source projects. 
Over 18,000 community contributors 370,000 stars gained 3 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_Baijiahao_Releases_Q2_2021_Content_Governance_Report


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 07. 
Baidu is committed to regulating web content and fulfilling entity responsibility as an online service provider to optimize both product content and services. Baidu has carried out special actions to create a safe and healthy online environment for minors with sustainable content services.
The protection of minors has consistently been a topic of public concern. Baidu has established a special team to protect minors online. This involves the addition of a function for reporting “harmful information involving minors” on vertical products and services to rigorously handle such harmful information. Since April 2021, the Duchacha Self-Disciplinary Committee launched the “Protecting Minors Action” in communities, whereby education activities are conducted to keep children safe online, so as to strengthen the attention of community residents, especially parents, on children’s internet safety. The activities were highly praised by both the community neighborhood committees and residents involved.
As the revised Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Minors went into effect, Baidu partnered with organizations and experts in various fields, and launched special live broadcast activities to promote high quality public welfare content. One of these is the “Protecting Minors with Joint Efforts” thematic activity co-organized by Baidu and the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC). In terms of the regulation of platform content, Baidu also worked with the Self-regulatory Advertising Platform for Minors to conduct research on specific regulatory measures. The results of which were combined with the AI technology capabilities of Baidu to launch the products and services that are more suitable for juveniles.
In the future, Baidu will continue to improve all links of services relating to the protection of minors. This involves forming a closed loop of safe, reliable, efficient and high-quality user service whilst conveying the kindness of technology and protecting the healthy growth of minors.
「Case」 “Protecting Minors Action” Offering a Clean Online Environment. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
The Protecting Minors Action Publicity Picture in a Community 护苗行动：龙泽苑社区未成年人保护法宣传 您遇到了什么问题 * 网页打不开或提示内容已删除、无法找到该网页 搜索展现的内容和实际网页不一致 侵犯个人隐私、企业或熊掌号侵权 举报色情暴力、钓鱼木马和非法网站 这条结果内容陈旧 这条结果浏览体验差 这条结果内容相关性差 医疗、政府机构网站搜索问题 涉未成年的不良信息 其他问题及建议 您遇到的问题具体是什么 用户反馈 我的反馈


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 08. 
By focusing on users, Baidu strengthens online platform and assumes responsibility whilst comprehensively popularizing anti-fraud knowledge for users to enhance their awareness of self-protection, thus creating a safe cyberspace.
In recent years, telefraud has become one of the fastest growing types of criminal crimes. In September 2021, under the guidance of the National Anti- fraud Center, Baidu set up an anti-fraud center to strengthen the governance of the ecological anti-fraud chain in an all-round manner. Baidu also brings into full play the platform’s technical advantages, actively assists the authorities to curb the wave of telecom fraud, and strives for the vision of “no scams on Baidu”.
Baidu continuously upgrades the organizational guarantee mechanism, provides full support in such aspects as strategy and algorithm model, improves the monitoring and identification capabilities of the system, and creates a “rapid, efficient, and accurate” early-warning paradigm. In 2021, Baidu search engine blocked 2.3 million links to fraudulent Apps and 54,000 fraudulent website addresses. Baidu App protected 1379,000 users from installing fraudulent Apps and gave early warnings 1.42 million times.
On the strength of the technology and platform advantages, Baidu helps public security organs to crack down on telecom fraud cases. In 2021, Baidu cooperated with public security organs across China to fight various telecom fraud cases lurking behind the business lines of Baidu, such as romance scam, fake cyber police and fake lawyers, and illegal game trading. A total of 439 suspects were arrested. After sorting out telecom fraud cases, Baidu organized teams to share the tactics about how to fight telecom fraud with national anti- fraud experts. Baidu gave a detailed introduction to its excellent abilities in such aspects as data and technology, and strived to explore new pathways for the anti-fraud cooperation between police and enterprise.
In addition, Baidu highly values cybersecurity awareness education for users, and continuously organizes publicity activities for the prevention and control of telecom fraud. In 2021, the Duchacha Self-Disciplinary Committee of Baidu launched the “Duchacha Security Protection Plan”, in which it, together with the. 
Panyu District People’s Government of Guangzhou, the Anti-fraud Center of the. 
Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau, and the Chinese Communist Youth. 
League committee of Panyu, conducted anti-fraud themed live broadcasts and offline activities to promote anti-fraud knowledge to internet users. This enabled them to better understand the tricks used in online fraud, to achieve the publicity goal of “sharing a safe cyberspace where online frauds are well prevented”.
This endeavor was launched together with the Panyu District People’s. 
Government of Guangzhou, Anti-fraud Center of the Beijing Municipal Public. 
Security Bureau and Chinese Communist Youth League committee of Panyu.
In the live broadcast “Together with Millions of Volunteers, Police and the Public. 
Working together to Crack Down on Online Fraud” held on October 3, 2021, police officers were invited as special guests to explain the tricks employed by cyber criminals and to elaborate the functions and usage of the National. 
Anti-fraud Center APP. Members of Baidu Mobile Party Branch in Guangzhou also shared the cases of online fraud they encountered in their daily work and introduced the channels for reporting fraud cases with the audience.
In 2021, Baidu launched such programs as “Xiaobao Detective”, “Xiaobao. 
Talk” and “Xiaobao in Action”, in which education on the protection of users“ rights was conducted in the form of live broadcasts and short videos. The new series “Guide on Avoiding Online Shopping Scams” was also released, and legal advisers of the Legal Department of Baidu were invited to offer their professional advice. The Xiaobao series have held nine live broadcasts and delivered over 60 short videos, with a total number of views exceeding 2 million, thus effectively improving users’ awareness of consumer rights protection. On December 24, 2021, Baidu Protection invited Guo Yuzhong,
Chief Mediator of the Mediation Center of the Internet Society of China and Chairman of Beijing SunShine Poverty Alleviation and Public Welfare. 
Promotion Center, as well as Chen Chen, Head of the Department of Business. 
Supervision and Senior Legal Manager of Baidu to the “Xiaobao Detective” live broadcast to introduce to the audience the various forms of online frauds and how potential victims can protect their rights.
As the largest Chinese search engine in the world, Baidu is obliged to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users. Looking ahead, Baidu will continue to leverage technological advantages and enfluence whilst actively cooperating with the anti-fraud publicity campaigns of various regulatory agencies and organizations. This will ensure the construction of a clean cyberspace and make evey user assured with safe service experience.
「Case」
Baidu Anti-Fraud Publicity Activities. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Publicity Pictures of Baidu's Anti-fraud Activities 反诈直播活动：《百万志愿行，警民共反诈》活动宣传


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 09. 
With “enhancing user trust with warm and professional services” as the mission, Baidu is committed to improving user experience and satisfaction, whilst also becoming a leading provider of intelligent service solutions.
As China’s elderly population is increasing, Baidu endeavors to solve the challenges the elderly face in the use of intelligent technology and empower them with intelligent elderly care technologies, the aim is to meet their varied needs and enhance their life quality and sense of happiness. In order to cope with the problems senior citizens face when using the internet, Baidu launched the “Warm Sun Project” to offer accompaniment through products and services, both online and offline. The Baidu APP has been equipped with an elderly-targeted “Warm Sun Hotline”, where a human assistant is available in just one click. The function enables the online and offline combined assistance in a single APP. Through this function, assistance to over 7,000 senior citizens have been provided by various means, including guidance via telephone, communication through video calls and on-the-spot assistance. Baidu has also embedded products that are suitable for the aging population in services. For example, the Baidu App (Big Character Version) is designed with simpler and clearer interface and functions, effectively reducing the accessibility barriers for the elderly.
Baidu has received inquiries for the elderly across the country since the Warm Sun Hotline was opened: Mr. He from Guangdong was assisted to handle his feedback on the e-book purchased on Baidu APP; Mr. Zhang from Shandong was helped to properly use the voice search and input functions equipped with the Baidu App (Big Character Version); Mr. Sun from Suzhou, Jiangsu was aided with his Baidu account login issues; and in Guizhou, Mr. Yang’s question was answered on how to use the functions of the Baidu App (Big Character Version).
The “Warm Sun Project” is dedicated to providing the elderly with care and love, making their life easier with technology, and building itself into a service platform that the senior users can rely on and enjoy using.
「Case」
The “Warm Sun Project” Making Life Easier for the Elderly with Technology. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
The Warm Sun Hotline Function on Baidu APP 7,000senior users. 
The Baidu APP has been equipped with an elderly-targeted “Warm. 
Sun Hotline”, where a human assistant is available in just one click.
The function enables the online and offline combined assistance in a single APP. Through this function, assistance to over 7,000 senior citizens have been provided by various means, including guidance via telephone, communication through video calls and on-the-spot assistance.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 10. 
Baidu Input Method Granted the “2021 Best Artificial. 
Intelligence Innovation Application Platform” Award.
The quality of patents holds the key to highquality innovation. Baidu highly values and encourages technological innovation, promotes the application of innovative results, further improves intelligence services of products and continues to contribute to the AI industry.
On June 25, 2021, the 22nd China Patent Awards honored Baidu's patent Humancomputer Interaction Method and System Based on Artificial Intelligence (ZL201510563338.2) with a Gold Award. China Patent Gold Award is the highest award in the field of intellectual property in China. It is jointly awarded by the National Intellectual Property Administration (NIPA) and the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO). The Gold Award demonstrates not only the recognition of the core AI technology independently developed by Baidu, but also the high quality and value of the patent. This consolidated the leadership and strengths of Baidu in this field and provided strong support of the highquality development of the company.
At the Future Technologies Conference (FTC) 2021 organized by iiMedia Consulting Group, Baidu Input Method won the “2021 Best Artificial Intelligence Innovation Application Platform” award. According to the Research Report on the Trend of China’s Third-party Mobile Phone Input Method Industry in the First Half of 2021 released by iiMedia Consulting, Baidu Input Method leads the industry with over 600 million monthly active users and more than 1.2 billion voice requests per day. Baidu Input Method has obtained nearly 80 input method-related invention authorized patents, 「Case」
Baidu Granted Multiple AI Innovation Awards. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report and innovatively launched many AI functions such as AI intelligent engine, multilingual mixed voice input, intelligent translation, intelligent prediction, AI-assisted chat and AI character creation. This has enabled flexible use in various communication scenarios.
Empowered by AI technology, intelligent interactive applications with conversation interaction as its core and equipped with widely used language, voice, images and other features. The human-machine conversation technology for multimedia information comprehension has become one of the core challenges in the AI industry. It has also been listed as a key generic technology in the New Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan issued by the State Council. In Baidu's award-winning patent, technologies such as knowledge graph and deep learning are implemented and deep semantic comprehension is used as the basis to realize intelligent humancomputer interaction across language, voice, image and other modalities. The patented technology has been equipped to Baidu Search, Baidu Maps, Xiaodu smart speaker and other products. It has also been implemented through Baidu AI Cloud to facilitate the intelligent upgrade of such industries as telecommunications, energy, finance, municipal services, healthcare and education.
As Liang Zhixiang, Senior VP and Party Secretary of Baidu Group stated: “We believe in the value of innovation and strive to achieve technological independence with high-quality innovation; we also believe in the value and use of high-value patents to stimulate high-quality innovation. With strengthened protection of intellectual property rights, the value of AI patents will be further unleashed to spur innovation”. Looking into the future, Baidu will continue to play the leading role in the AI field, promoting the coordinated development of the entire industry and building AI patents into a new driving force of the intelligent economy.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 11. 
By integrating AI into the cultivation of talents for society, Baidu closely combines the concept of digital inclusion with public welfare activities to build a public welfare culture with Baidu's characteristics as well as benefitting community development with technological achievements.
We are committed to building a sustainable AI data service ecosystem and empowering the construction of a regional digital economic system by leveraging Baidu AI Cloud Data Crowdsourcing. At present, we have established a number of AI data annotation centers across the country. Baidu focuses a new type of position, AI Trainer. This enables the laid-off workers in traditional industries to upskill, so as to open up new paths for regional employment and contribute to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs.
Since its operation in 2018, the Baidu 「Case」
Baidu (Shanxi) Artificial Intelligence Data Annotation Center Contributing to the Growth of Regional Digital Economy. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Shanxi) Artificial Intelligence Data Annotation Center (the Center), jointly established by Baidu and the government in the Shanxi Transformation and Comprehensive Reform Demonstration Zone, has been contributing to increasing employment in the region, as well as promoting gender equality in employment and helping disadvantaged groups finding jobs. In 2021, The Center had a similar balance of male and female employees, 49.5% and 50.5% respectively, contributing to gender equality in employment.
Through implementing innovative management models such as personnel training, management empowerment, and business expansion in the centers, we incubate high-tech enterprises for various regions, enhance local entrepreneurial vitality, build regional data industry clusters, and promote industrial upgrading and economic development in the surrounding areas. We also take our leading advantages in data annotation, leverage short, medium and long-term economic advantages, honor social responsibility and deliver industrial benefits.
In 2021, the centers were successively built in Jinan (Shandong), Linfen (Shanxi), and Fengjie (Chongqing). At present, the centers in Jinan, Linfen and the Baidu (Shanxi) Artificial Intelligence Data Annotation Center have been put into production. This has equipped with 8,000 AI trainers working every workday. As of December 31, 2021, the cumulative output value of the centers had reached RMB 400 million, effectively promoting the development of the local digital economy. In 2022, Baidu will continue to promote the construction of centers, which are expected to gradually provide more than 20,000 jobs and train 30,000 AI trainers for the regions involved.
Employees at the Center


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 12. 
Baidu is committed to delivering the benefits of AI technology that are brought about in communities and to all aspects of people’s lives.
Intelligent Epidemic Prevention. 
As Covid-19 spreads, Baidu continues to leverage technical strengths to contribute to epidemic prevention and control. Baidu Maps, AI temperature measurement system, and intelligent call-out platform has played their roles in facilitating efficient epidemic prevention and control in 2021. Baidu has also developed a number of series of AI anti-epidemic products based on Baidu Brain and they have been quickly applied.
C-Watcher, a machine learning framework proposed by Baidu is designed to screen every neighborhood in a target city and predict infection risks, prior to the spread of COVID-19 from epicenters to the city, and the papers describing the framework have been included in AAAI 2021 1. Baidu has published its patents related to epidemic forecasting method and maximized the accuracy of epidemic forecasting. Baidu is the only internet company that has been awarded the title of “Advanced Organization of Industrial and Information Systems to Fight the New Coronavirus Epidemic” issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information. 
Technology of the PRC. In 2021, Baidu Infoflow launched an “all-round intelligent epidemic response solution”, adding a number of epidemic prevention applications and intelligently recommending epidemic prevention knowledge. It helped enterprises to efficiently prevent epidemics with technology and to quickly resume production and work through features such as, but not limited to, entry temperature measurement and reporting, AI infrared temperature measurement software and hardware integration, face mask wearing AI recognition.
AI Empowering Primary Medical. 
Care. 
In 2019, Baidu launched the AI medical brand Linyi Zhihui. The brand is designed, with the vision of “evidence-based AI empowering primary m edical care” in mind and against the backdrop of insufficient primary medical care resources and capabilities, to provide four core features – medical knowledge, clinical decision support, intelligent followup services and regional health cockpit. Among them, the primary care solution of “Assistance to Doctors” helped improve the quality and effect of diagnosis and treatment whilst minimizing misdiagnosis and missed diagnosis by standardizing the consultation process, providing diagnosis suggestions, recommending treatment plans, detecting incompatible medications and generating medical records with one click, thus effectively improving the capability of primary medical care.
Linyi Zhihui takes advantage of AI technology to continuously break through technical bottlenecks, deliver medical scenario-based AI capabilities and AI-based comprehensive solutions and launch new products such as medical big data and smart medical records. In 2021, it undertook the National Health and Health Commission’s family doctor clinical service capacity building pilot project and was responsible for establishing AI-assisted applications at the primary medical institutions in six pilot counties, municipalities or districts, namely in Jinzhou city, Longhua County, Wen’an County in Hebei Province and Huaiyin District, Yiyuan County and Fei County in Shandong Province. Through these efforts, it facilitated the application of AI technology in the medical industry and contributed to the development of nationally important industries. At present, product solutions of Linyi Zhihui in the field of AI medical care have reached nearly 500 hospitals and 2,500 primary medical institutions in 29 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, serving tens of thousands of doctors and benefiting tens of millions of patients.
「Case」
AI Technology Empowering Intelligent Epidemic Prevention and Inclusive Medical Care. 
Product solutions of Linyi Zhihui in the field of AI medical care have reached nearly 500 hospitals and 2,500 primary medical institutions in 29 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions 1 AAAI 2021 | Baidu Proposing C-Watcher: A Framework for Early Detection of High-Risk Neighborhoods https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/351383625. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Establishing AI-assisted applications at the primary medical institutions in 6 pilot counties, municipalities or districts


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 13. 
Baidu is constantly exploring carbonreducing technologies in the entire industrial chain. Baidu also focuses on delivering the benefits brought about by technological achievements to the public and promotes the green and low-carbon travel mode empowered by the Mobility as a service (MaaS) one-stop travel service.
With practice in operating the Apollo car robot in the past two years, Baidu has developed the Luobokuaipao mobile platform to provide the public with commercial operations and diversified value-added services. As of the first half of 2021, the Luobokuaipao service had covered Yizhuang (Beijing), Changsha (Hunan), Cangzhou (Hebei) and Guangzhou, and had served over 400,000 passengers, with a test mileage of more than 14 million kilometers and 「Case」
Intelligent Transportation. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report more than 2,900 self-driving related patents.
Innovation in vehicles is just part of the efforts to transform travel mode. To build an efficient and safe travel future in an all-round way requires not only a “smarter” vehicle but also a more “intelligent” road network. In terms of transforming road networks, AI also has a crucial role to play. In 2020, Baidu launched the ACE Intelligent Transportation Engine Version 1.0 through the Apollo Intelligent Transportation Whitepaper and released the upgraded version 2.0 (ACE 2.0) in 2021. Besides self-driving and Cooperative Vehicle Infrastructure Systems (CVIS), a MaaS intelligent engine was also integrated into ACE 2.0, incorporating MaaS into the intelligent transportation solution.
At present, Baidu ACE intelligent transportation is exploring its capabilities in different fields such as intelligent network connection, intelligent traffic management, intelligent expressway, and intelligent parking. The relevant achievements have been commercialized in nearly 30 cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Chongqing. Taking Baoding as a pilot city in Hebei province, Baidu has deployed the AI intelligent transportation information control system at 84 intersections. Based on the AI technology imbedded in the ACE intelligent traffic engine, the system enables traffic lights to identify information such as vehicle type, speed and traffic flow, and calculate the time for vehicles and traffic flow to pass the intersection, so as to achieve efficient management of road conditions and provide smooth traffic for passengers by shortening the average passing time by about 20% 1.
1Baidu World Conference 2021: Traffic Lights Flashing Green on CCTV 1: Remarkable Achievements Delivered in Pilot Intelligent Transportation Program in Baoding https://www.sohu.com/a/484151439_120129306. 
Efficient Management Reducing Traffic Jam by 30%


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 14. 
With a focus on the urgent technological bottlenecks in China’s industries, Baidu continuously improves industrial internet technology, provides integrated solutions for enterprises, builds infrastructure in the AI era and accelerates the integration of AI technology and the concept of “Made in China”.
At present, enterprises are troubled by high technical barriers in accessing data resources. Baidu AI Cloud Kaiwu, as a presentative of Baidu's experience of many years as an internet company, takes “accelerating the intelligent upgrading of the industry” as its mission and relies on the strong foundation Baidu has in the internet community as well as its leading full-stack AI technology to provide “AI + Industrial Internet” and intelligent manufacturing and integrated solutions for manufacturing, energy, power and other industries, industrial chains and regional industrial clusters. This aims to help enterprises reduce cost and improve quality and efficiency by leveraging the new generation of IT, industrial and supply chains whilst enhancing coordination and regional industries’ realization of digitalization and intelligent upgrading.
Integrated with leading “integrating cloud and AI” capabilities, Kaiwu boasts the allround empowerment capability at the device level.
At device level, Kaiwu can enable the intelligent management, operation and maintenance of devices through connecting them to cloud, using data, and empowering intelligence and equipping the devices with features such as cloud connection, visual management, fault prediction and intelligent operation and maintenance.
At production level, Kaiwu can enable the optimization of processes and quality links of the production line to “improve quality, reduce cost and enhance efficiency” as well as equipping the production line with features such as intelligent quality inspection, safety inspection, process optimization and energy consumption optimization.
At enterprise level, Kaiwu can empower the optimization of product development, manufacturing, sales, services and other links by leveraging data resources. It can also help enterprises build digital infrastructure such as IoT, big data platforms, maps, knowledge platforms to achieve intelligent operations and management.
At industry and regional level, Kaiwu can enable better collaboration between the upstream and downstream of the supply chains as well as between enterprises and governments to facilitate “industrial digital transformation”. It can enable the application of industrial internet platforms in supply and demand matching, capacity sharing, industrial analysis, supply chain finance as well as other scenarios.
At present, Baidu AI Cloud Kaiwu has been selected as a national-level featured and professional industrial internet platform. It has been cited as one of the “first-tier” national industrial Internet platforms.
「Case」
Kaiwu, A Newborn Industrial Internet Brand of Baidu AI Cloud Facilitating the Transformation of China’s Industries 1. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Baidu AI Cloud Releasing Kaiwu, a Newborn Industrial Internet Brand 1 Kaiwu, a Newborn Industrial Internet Brand of Baidu AI Cloud Facilitating the Transformation of China’s Industries http://caijing.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202105/19/WS60a4760ca3101e7ce9750453.html


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 15. 
Regarding contributing to social and economic development as one of the driving forces for creating value, Baidu is committed to applying digital technology achievements to the development of the real economy. Baidu AI Cloud has formed a unique “Cloud + AI” competitive advantage with “cloud computing as the foundation, AI as the leverage, and important development tracks as a focus”, enabling the development of Baidu's industrial internet technology capabilities and empowering that of enterprises, industrial chains and regional governments through integrating applications in industrial procurement, production, quality, management and other business scenarios.
Finance: Baidu AI Cloud Serverless Facilitating Financial IT Reform. 
Although operating expenses have been reduced after going to the Cloud, Baidu AI Cloud launched Serverless to provide computing capability in the form of services 「Case」
Baidu AI Cloud Empowering the Development of the Real Economy with Digital Technologies. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report to further meet the needs of enterprises to “achieve zero expense in operation, high resilience and low general cost”. Based on Baidu AI Cloud Tianhe Stack cloud-native and private cloud platform, our bank clients can build a complete serverless functional computing technology architecture. With Tianhe Stack’s function computing products as the core, and by connecting with the bank’s existing distributed and cloud computing technology platform, bank clients can provide a complete function core engine, function management capabilities, and development and delivery capabilities for applications. This accelerates the upgrade of financialgrade cloud platforms. 1 At the “Financial Street Releasing Special Event” of the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2021, Baidu officially released the Wise Fields to Witness the Future - Regional Banks Digital Transformation White Paper, which provided a comprehensive summary of the strategic industry solutions of Baidu AI Cloud 2.
The Dispatch Center of Quanzhou Water Co., Ltd.
1 Implementing | Empowering Financial IT Transformation, Interpreting Baidu AI Cloud Serverless https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/U51_GXybaUI0xJzj6kZvhQ 2 At the Annual Conference of Financial Street Forum 2021, Baidu officially released the Wise Fields to Witness the Future - Regional Banks Digital Transformation White Paper https://www.donews.com/news/detail/4/3177606.html 3 First Hand Experience of Frontline Employees at Quanzhou Water Management Brain: Baidu AI Cloud Leading in Intelligent Management of Water https://www.leiphone.com/category/smartcity/TgvyZmKQ5tSDt2eJ.html. 
Water: “Water Management Brain” Enabling the Intelligent Upgrading of Water Management. 
Baidu AI Cloud has launched a “One Platform and Two Core Technologies” solution for the water industry. The solution is integrated with a single big data platform to provide distributed computing, data lake and data visualization technologies, through which the visual management of various production facilities can be achieved. Baidu participated in the development of the “Quanzhou Water Management Brain” and smart water management applications 3, through which automatic control, operation and maintenance of the production process of water plants can be achieved. Quanzhou Water Management Brain can accurately identify a safe production environment, and predict water consumption through ML algorithms combined with various factors, thus achieving remote monitoring of the dispatch center and saving on the inspection manpower as well as operation and maintenance costs for Quanzhou Water Group.


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Improving Services — 16. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Textiles: AIoT Enabling Intelligent Energy Management in the Textile Industry. 
Baidu AI Cloud launched the AIoT intelligent solution and successfully built an AIoT intelligent energy management service platform for the textile industry. In response to the needs of Zhejiang Mizuda Textile Printing & Dyeing Co., Ltd (Mizuda) to “achieve cost control in energy consumption through multi-dimensional analysis of data measurement”, Baidu customized an intelligent energy management model 2 for it. Through close cooperation with Baidu AI Cloud, Mizuda has realized comprehensive intelligent energy management and control from quality inspection to production control. The real-time information on onsite energy use, the analysis of data on quality and data on energy consumption are also displayed on the platform, ensuring the stability of production processes whilst monitoring carbon emissions. This sets a new benchmark for intelligent production and energy efficiency management in the traditional manufacturing industry.
AIoT Intelligent Energy Management Service Platform. 
Manufacturing: Industrial Internet Platforms Facilitating Energy Conservation and Consumption Reduction. 
In the manufacturing industry, Baidu has launched industrial internet platforms t o h e l p t h e d e v e l o p m e n t o f n e w industrialization and fully promote the upgrading of featured industries. In all the production areas of Guizhou Baixun Zhihui Technology Co., Ltd. 1, jointly established by Baidu and Guiyang Economic and Technological Development Zone, AI security inspections are deployed to conduct real-time monitoring of each area by leveraging the industrial internet platform’s temperature and humidity monitoring analysis functions. Through the platform, control and analysis of energy consumption can be achieved on the cloud to offer guidance on effectively saving energy and reducing consumption, and to prevent abnormal situations such as transformer overload, thus ensuring the safe operation of equipment.
Guiyang Big Data Security Industry Exhibition Center 1 Guizhou Baixun Zhihui：AI Industrial Internet Platform Empowering “Guizhou Intelligent Manufacturing”. http://jgz.app.todayguizhou.com/news/news-news_detail-news_id11515115739285.html 2 AIoT Enabling Intelligent Textile Industry: Baidu AI Cloud Upgrading Mizuda’s Energy Management. https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/qIcoxl_CZjplSYqu8XIlRQ 「Case」
Baidu AI Cloud Empowering the Development of the Real Economy with Digital Technologies


Contributing to Society. 
Our Performance · Philanthropy · AI for Social Good. 
Our Practices · Case


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Contributing to Society — 01. 
Contributing to Society. 
As a responsible company, upholding the social responsibility concept of “Do Better with Tech”, Baidu has been committed to social causes and philanthropy, fully leveraging industrial strengths and empowering social sustainable development with AI technology.
Philanthropy. 
Digital Education. 
Taking industrial practice as the start, Baidu has established Baidu Pinecone Academy, an AI talent training platform, built in a close collaboration mechanism with the Ministry of Education, and actively carried out collaborative talent cultivation projects of industry-university collaboration.
Baidu has partnered with information technology associations for cultivating AI talents.
Supporting the industry-university collaborative education project for seven consecutive years, investing a total of more than 10 million yuan as teaching and research funds, and accumulating many excellent cases for AI teaching reform, AI innovation and entrepreneurship, and AI teacher training.
Organizing competitions with the Computer Specialty Teaching Steering Committee of the Ministry of Education, Software Engineering Education Steering Committee, University Computer Course Teaching Steering Committee, Computer Education Research Association, and other organizations whilst assisting in teacher training.
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
Entering into a strategic collaboration agreement with ACM China Branch and becoming the strategic partner of ACM TURC.
China Computer Federation (CCF)
Supporting “CCF-IEEE CS Young Scientist Award” and jointly setting up the “CCF-Baidu Pinecone Fund” to build industryuniversity-research collaboration and academic exchange platform for young scholars from universities and research institutes at home and abroad.
The Alliance of Emerging Engineering Education for. 
Information Technologies. 
Jointly establishing the AI Collaborative Education Working Committee and the Intelligent Driving Collaborative Education Working Committee.
Organizing training sessions for teachers and building the Deqing AI talent training base.
Ministry of Education. 
Information technology associations


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Contributing to Society — 02. 
Charitable Donations. 
Relying on our own technology and resources, we established Baidu Public Welfare Platform, helped public welfare organizations to promote projects free of charge and set up online fund-raising channels to encourage the public to participate in charitable activities. By the end of 2021, the platform had served a total of 379 public welfare organizations, driving more than 740,000 people to pay attention to donations, with fundraising amount exceeding RMB 23.56 million.
“Hello World” is a public welfare project initiated by Baidu employees. In 2021, Baidu employees donated more than RMB 450,000 and 11,478 books to society.
In 2021, Baidu's charitable donations totaled RMB 198.045 million, including RMB 90 million for affected areas by flood in Henan, RMB 50 million for those in Shanxi, and RMB 58.045 million for others. The total amount of material donations of Baidu reached RMB 23.8902 million, including 200 fundus cameras and 10 sets of “Assistance to Doctors” primary medical solutions of Lingyi Zhihui.
Baidu has invested in AI teaching materials, training platforms, data and computing power, algorithms, engineers and other resources, and carried out strategic collaboration with universities in scientific research, discipline co-construction, talent training, campus activities and other aspects. At present, Baidu has signed university-level strategic collaboration and college-level cooperation agreements with more than 100 universities.
According to the characteristics of different groups of people, Baidu customized the AI skills education path, equipped targeted teaching materials, organized online and offline training courses and events for teenagers, students and teachers in universities and colleges, AI beginners, intermediate developers and advanced developers.
For teenagers, Baidu insisted on the cultivation of interest, supplemented by competitions and practices, carrying out AI enlightenment education. Based on the characteristics of primary and secondary school students, Baidu has compiled course materials and launched online courses on learning platforms.
Baidu has carried out deep collaboration with colleges and universities. On the one hand, we empower teachers, compile industry-university-research teaching materials, and carry out training activities for teachers. On the other hand, we organize learning communities for university students and carry out special training programs. We provide special courses including “PaddlePaddle AI Studio” 1, “Apollo” 2 and “Hyperlink” 3 in learning communities and regularly hold the “International Knowledge Center for Engineering Science and Technology (IKCEST)”, the “China Collegiate Computing Contest — Artificial Intelligence Innovation Contest”, the “Baidu Star (Astar) Competition” and other AI technical competitions. In addition, we have set up Baidu Scholarship to discover young AI talents and provide a platform for industry-university-research collaboration.
For social AI developers, Baidu has teamed up with well-known universities and excellent lecturers to provide differentiated learning resources for junior, mid-level and advanced developers on the PaddlePaddle platform. Baidu offers basic courses for junior developers such as the seven-day PaddlePaddle camp. For mid-level developers, there is the establishment of communities including special interest groups for PaddlePaddle and carries out offline communication activities whilst providing special learning courses to facilitate efficient collaboration among intermediate developers in special fields. For advanced developers, we put in place special training programs such as the technical expert program for PaddlePaddle developers and the training program for chief AI architect of AICA to provide a platform for development and communication. In addition, Baidu has set up free AI skill improvement courses on the platform of PaddlePaddle AI Studio and invites Baidu experts and industry professionals to share their professional knowledge and skills daily.
In 2021, Baidu's charitable donations totaled RMB 198.045 million. 
The total amount of material donations reached RMB 23.8902 million. 
Baidu has established university-level strategic collaboration and college- level deep collaboration with more than 100 universities. 
Tsinghua University, Peking University, Zhejiang University, University of Science and Technology of China, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Nanjing University, Tongji University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Tianjin University, Xi’an Jiaotong University. 
Renmin University of China, Fudan University, Wuhan University, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Nankai University, Southeast University, Hunan University, Central South University, Sichuan University, Jilin University, Chongqing University, Beijing Institute of Technology, China Agricultural University, etc.
University- level strategic cooperative universities. 
College- level deep cooperative universities. 
Partner Universities of Baidu 1 Baidu PaddlePaddle AI Studio platform is a premium venue for over 5,000 courses with a duration of over 600 hours and more than 140,000 open class users. Website: https:// aistudio.baidu.com/aistudio/course 2 Baidu Apollo Developer Center offers 25 autopilot-related courses from entry level to practice level for university and college students. Website: https://aistudio.baidu.com/aistudio/course?lang=en 3 Baidu XuperChain Platform offers a total of 16 class-hour blockchain related courses for colleges and universities. Website: https://developer.apollo.auto/developer.html


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Contributing to Society — 03 of Artificial Intelligence Industry Alliance (AIIA) to jointly build a healthy and credible AI ecology together with industry peers.
With the concept of “Everyone Can AI”, Baidu open-sourced AIrelated technology tools and has launched several open-source platforms such as PaddlePaddle, a deep learning open-source platform, and Apollo autonomous driving platform. At the same time, Baidu has developed open-source institutional documents to open-source internal projects and ensures open-source compliance and respects intellectual property rights of thirdparties. Baidu has developed and opened source the industry’s first AI FaceShifter detection tool, which effectively cracks down on deep synthesis technology with deep learning convolutional neural network, providing recognition accuracy up to 99% as well as strong technical support for blocking telecom network fraud and other crimes.
Baidu has built a sustainable AI data service ecology relying on Baidu Data Crowdsourcing Platform, empowering regional digital economic system construction and promoting equal employment. At present, after the successful construction of Baidu (Shanxi) Artificial Intelligence Data Annotation Center, Baidu has cooperated with Zhangqiu (Shandong province), Fengjie (Chongqing municipality), Linfen (Shanxi province) and Dazhou (Sichuan province) to build bases, providing more than 25,000 full-time jobs.
AI for Social Good. 
AI Ecological Construction. 
Baidu, adhering to the “Four Principles of AI Ethics” (see page 44 of the Baidu 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report 4 for further details), is committed to building an open and inclusive AI ecology, and partnering with industry players, scientific research institutions, social organizations, as well as other stakeholders to jointly promote the AI ecological construction.
Baidu, adhering to the “human-centered” AI ethical principle, actively participates in and improves the standard formulation of AI ethics, participates in the Artificial Intelligence for Sustainable Development Goals (AI4SDGs) public welfare research plans and international cooperation networks while funding their research projects. In 2021, Baidu received certificate granted by the AI Governance and Trust Committee. 
The recognition accuracy of AI FaceShifter detection tool hit 99%
Baidu (Shanxi) Artificial Intelligence Data Annotation Center provided more than 25,000 full-time jobs. 
AI 4 https://esg.baidu.com/en/article/Baidu_2020_Environmental,_Social_and_Governance_Report


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Performance Contributing to Society — 04. 
AI for Better Life. 
Baidu constantly applies new technologies to social scenarios in order to benefit the public in response to the pain points of social needs. We launched the “Baidu Stars Plan”, and actively promoted the application and implementation of AI and other important technologies in the field of social responsibility through the technical capability sharing, huge traffic sharing, ecological resources sharing and financial support.
Baidu continues to build a benchmark for smart elderly care through the Baidu Wufu AI Senior Care Platform 5. This, utilizing the data management and centralized control analysis, connects the elderly with the community, and forms a closed-loop service system with the offline courier community to meet the needs of the elderly. We also developed the “Care Version” of Baidu Maps 6, the first independent map App dedicated to the elderly. It addresses problems of elderly users when they have poor sight, difficulty in using Chinese Pinyin and typing by handwriting on the basis of retaining the core functions of the map.
Baidu is also changing everyone’s lifestyle through products such as Baidu APP Intelligent Searching, Baidu Health Medical Code and Xiaodu intelligent terminals. Baidu, with medical professional problems of higher level in mind, has built “Baidu Health”. This is a one-stop health management platform that partners with top medical resources at home and abroad to jointly build an authoritative medical content ecology. The platform integrates online consultation, appointment registration, online drug purchase, health insurance and other services, so that users can easily obtain reliable knowledge and services.
In addition to providing users and families with inclusive convenient and intelligent life experience, Baidu also continues to empower the environment and social sustainable development with AI. Tapping into original and constantly exploring new application fields, with fruitful contributions made in fighting against COVID-19. Baidu promotes autonomous driving and inclusive medical care. The Company also applies AI technology to cultural inheritance, biodiversity protection, addressing daily difficulties for the disabled, analysis assistance and training adjustment.
In terms of promoting industrial intelligence, we have deeply cooperated with enterprises in water, electric power, manufacturing, agriculture, regional economy, finance, city, and port industries via “Kaiwu”, an industrial Internet brand released by Baidu AI Cloud. We explore more possibilities to empower intelligent energy efficiency management with AI to help enterprises enhance competitiveness through cost reduction and efficiency improvement.
Baidu Health. 
Appointment registration. 
Online consultation. 
Online drug purchase. 
Health insurance. 
For example. 
Under the empowerment of NLP tools of Baidu PaddlePaddle, we have completed the automatic generation of dictionary for endangered languages of ethnic minorities 7, and cooperated with ICOMOS CHINA to create an intelligent model to assist the heritage conservation team in monitoring and maintaining heritage sites.
We built a special image recognition model based on PaddlePaddle with the International Fund for Animal Welfare to block the illegal trade of wild animals via network channel 8, and solved the problem of planting and maintenance of psammophytes in complex desert scenarios with PaddlePaddle deep learning image technology.
The ScanScan App supported by iOCR technology of Baidu made AI become the eyes of the visually impaired.
We created a “3D+AI” auxiliary diving training system for diving teams, which presents the complex movements in figures upon big data analysis, intelligently marks the movements, and feeds back the scores to the coaches and the athletes 9.
5Focusing on Baidu World 2021, the Company built a benchmark for smart elder care through the Baidu Wufu AI Senior Care Platform. http://www.iheima.com/article-321021.html 6The “Care Version” of Baidu Maps is formally released, which has been optimized the contents and features to provide senior users with convenience. https://www.dsb.cn/162691.html 7Generating a dictionary for endangered languages of ethnic minorities with PaddlePaddle. https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ZhDPKUS65Q5-Cuyrw6V0Kg 8AI to protect the world. https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/Qq0lV3SKQpALWC41KC9m8g 9Chinese Diving Team, the greatest of all time! Baidu AI Cloud supporting the dream pursuers! https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/pKRZPPieFIA9mwLDPFgadQ


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Contributing to Society — 05. 
In the AR and VR era, Baidu is committed to providing high-quality digital education to the younger generation and cultivating future-oriented AI talents. To this end, Baidu Pinecore Academy takes into account the characteristics of the K12 population and fully promotes the popularization of AI education for teenagers with a method focused on cultivating interests and supplemented by AI related competitions.
Compilation of AI Textbooks for Primary and Secondary School Students. 
By developing AI textbooks for primary and secondary school students, Baidu aims to explore more AI technological stars. Learning AI with Monkey King, the first AI textbook Baidu has compiled for the young, combined with EasyDL, Baidu's AI development Platform for beginners, serves as an online AI education platform for young people to acquire knowledge about AI. The two extracurricular reading materials developed by Baidu - Enthusiastic Learners “AI Guide and Jiang Ziya Practicing AI were published at the end of 2021 successively. They are expected to be included in the recommended reading list for the “Adolescent AI Application and Innovation Ability Evaluation” organized by the China Software Industry Association.
AI Courses for Primary and Secondary School Students. 
In addition to online education, Baidu also promotes offline AI education in schools. In 2021, together with the Beijing Municipal Education Commission and Beijing Fendou Primary School, Baidu offered a comprehensive AI Literacy course at primary schools. A total of 65 primary school students from third to sixth grade attended the course. The Baidu Foundation, together with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Beijing Normal University and curriculum experts from the International Baccalaureate (IB) jointly launched a public welfare project for youth leadership in the AI era - “Baidu Foundation Youth AI Education Project”, that aims to improve AI awareness and literacy amongst young people aged between 12 to 25 years old. The project was first implemented in Beijing Shangdi Experimental School on September 13, 2021.
Baidu Star - Little Star. 
In order to stimulate the enthusiasm to learning of young AI talent, Baidu created the “Little Star Award” for students in secondary school and the Baidu Star Programming Contest 2021. In the semifinals and finals, we specifically set up a dedicated channel for young adolescents with lower entry requirements to provide them a chance to show off their skills.
「Case」
Baidu Promoting AI Education in Primary and Secondary Schools. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Enlightenment AI Textbooks for Primary and Secondary School Students. 
Little Star Competition


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Contributing to Society — 06. 
AI is a major part of new infrastructure. With society currently facing a shortage of AI talents, Baidu uses industrial advantages to actively empower AI teachers in colleges by providing them with more knowledge about digital technology.
To this end, Baidu compiled AI books such as the Introduction to Application of Deep Learning, Autonomous Driving Technology Series, Machine Learning Practice, Natural Language Processing Practice and Computer Vision Practice.
「Case」
Baidu Empowering College Teachers. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Baidu has cooperated with colleges to carry out a series of trainings, including the Baidu Deep Learning Teacher Training, Baidu Cloud Intelligence Education Teacher Training and Apollo Teacher Training to enable college teachers to enhance their AI teaching capabilities. Baidu shared the most cutting-edge enterprise AI technology application cases during the sessions according to the needs of the teachers. This aided them in improving the practical ability of AI technology.
As of December 31, 2021, Baidu held a total of 26 sessions of Deep Learning Teacher Training, training more than 3,000 AI-related professional teachers from more than 700 universities for free. Baidu also held 13 sessions of the Apollo Intelligent Connected Vehicle (ICV) Teacher Training, training more than 1,000 teachers for over 370 universities.
The Apollo Teacher Training The Cloud Intelligence Education Teacher Training


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Contributing to Society — 07. 
The advance of technology would be an illusion without the continuous supply of AI talents. Over the years, Baidu has been popularizing knowledge about digital technology and cooperating with colleges to cultivate AI talents that are needed in the future.
Baidu Campus Elite Club is an AI learning organization specially established for college students. As of now, the club has attracted over 700 students with a technology background and its core members are from 79 universities in China, 55 out of which were selected in the list of Double First-Class initiative. Since 2016, Baidu and Xi’an Jiaotong University have jointly established an elite class for colleges and universities to cultivate future talent in big data and AI applications. As of the end of 2021, the elite class had been held for five consecutive sessions, attracting more than 700 students to sign up and enrolled a total of 233 students.
Baidu has also launched a number of. 
AI talent training programs. In 2015, Baidu and the University of Science and Technology of China jointly launched a college student innovation and entrepreneurship training program to help student teams realize their entrepreneurial dreams. In the program, Baidu invited experts from enterprises and colleges to coach students and also provided funding for student teams. At present, the program has been successfully held for six sessions, with thousands of college students participated. It has become a “dream booster” for college students.
「Case」
Baidu Organizing Learning Communities in Colleges. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Entrepreneur Growth Plan for National College Students


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Contributing to Society — 08. 
As a responsible enterprise, Baidu is committed to fostering a favorable environment for employees to engage in public welfare activities. Through the “Hello World” public welfare program, Baidu employees donated a library for children from ethnic minorities in the Garze Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan Province in 2021. The library was named “Cloud over Mountains”. They also donated 11,478 books to 「Case」
Public Welfare Activities Initiated by Baidu Employees. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report children from ethnic minorities in Sichuan and Qinghai.
Baidu has set up a dedicated section, Hello World, for every employee to make donations. Every employee can contribute to Hello World in their own way. The library donated by Baidu gets its name, Cloud Over Mountains, from the brainstorm among over 30,000 Baidu employees. Cloud Over Mountains, inspired by the name of the training classroom of Baidu building, conveys our wish that the children from ethnic minorities can change their future by immersing themselves in reading and exploring the unknown world.
Sign of the Cloud over Mountains Library. 
Donated 11,478 books to children from ethnic minorities in Sichuan and Qinghai


Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Our Practices Contributing to Society — 09. 
Baidu cares about social concerns and is dedicated to public welfare activities. Facing sudden disasters, Baidu reacts quickly and sends supplies to affected areas as soon as possible.
Baidu Contributing to Henan’s Fight against Floods. 
Henan suffered a once-in-a-century flood disaster in July 2021. Baidu immediately pulled together resources and supported Henan to navigate through the disaster. On July 21, Baidu Foundation donated a total of RMB 90 million to provide disaster relief materials such as daily necessities to the disaster-stricken areas in Henan with the aim of ensuring that the basic living needs of the victims were met. Baidu, in response to the idea of experts at the China Association for Disaster & Emergency Rescue Medicine that “with a severe disaster comes a major plague”, donated disinfectants and free medical supplies to the medical rescue teams, disinfection medical staff and volunteers. Baidu also launched an “Assistance in Henan Floods” emergency channel on products, including Baidu APP, Baidu Tieba, Baidu Health Medical Dictionary, Haokan Video and Baidu Maps, to accurately connect information for help and assistance resources.
By leveraging the advanced AI technology, Baidu contributed to the reconstruction of the disaster-stricken areas. Following the development of a special reconstruction plan, Baidu worked with the China Internet Development Foundation and other organizations to upgrade areas such as healthcare, smart transportation and intelligent industries in the disaster-hit areas according to the concept of providing a digital platform for people’s livelihood and three specialized digital training classes for talents. The efforts, on one hand, have helped the disaster-stricken areas to speed up the process of resuming work and production, and on the other hand, provided a digital talent pool for the sustainable development of Henan.
Baidu Contributing to Shanxi’s Fight against Floods. 
In October 2021, Baidu Foundation made an emergency donation of RMB 50 million to help Shanxi navigate through severe flooding, 15 million of which was donated to the five most severely affected cities: Taiyuan, Jinzhong, Linfen, Yangquan, and Yuncheng to help the local governments and residents fight the disaster. In addition to donating money, Baidu also donated cotton-padded clothes, quilts, blankets and other materials to meet the basic needs of victims. When the disaster-hit areas were to be rebuilt, Baidu Foundation donated RMB 45 million for the reconstruction of roads, houses and historic buildings in 18 severely affected cities and counties including Yangquan, Linfen, Jincheng and Zhongyang, helping the people affected to resume normal production and life as soon as possible.
「Case」
Baidu Providing Disaster Relief and Helping PostDisaster Reconstruction. 
Baidu 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. 
Baidu Sending Donations to Henan. 
Baidu Foundation donated. 
RMB 90 million to affected areas by flood in Shanxi. 
RMB 45 million 18 severely affected cities and counties. 
Baidu Foundation made an emergency donation of. 
RMB 50 million to affected areas by flood in Shanxi. 
Baidu Foundation donated RMB 45 million for the reconstruction of roads, houses and historic buildings in 18 severely affected cities and counties including Yangquan, Linfen, Jincheng and Zhongyang


Appendix — 01. 
Appendix. 
HKEX ESG Index. 
ESG Indicator Location. 
Environmental. 
Aspect A1: Emissions. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer Promoting Green Ideas 04,07. 
A1.1 The types of emissions and respective emissions data. Promoting Green Ideas 04 A1.2 Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Promoting Green Ideas 04. 
A1.3 Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Promoting Green Ideas 04, 08. 
A1.4 Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Promoting Green Ideas 04, 08. 
A1.5 Description of emissions target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Promoting Green Ideas 03, 05-07 A1.6 Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Promoting Green Ideas 08. 
Aspect A2: Use of Resources. 
General Disclosure Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials. Promoting Green Ideas 04, 07. 
A2.1 Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Promoting Green Ideas 04. 
A2.2 Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility). Promoting Green Ideas 04. 
A2.3 Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Promoting Green Ideas 03, 05-07. 
A2.4 Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them. Promoting Green Ideas 06-08. 
A2.5 Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced. Not applicable. 
Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources. 
General Disclosure Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impacts on the environment and natural resources. Promoting Green Ideas 04, 07. 
A3.1 Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them. Promoting Green Ideas 05-16. 
Aspect A4: Climate Change. 
General Disclosure Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer. Promoting Green Ideas 01. 
A4.1 Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions taken to manage them. Promoting Green Ideas 01-03. 
Social. 
Aspect B1: Employment. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other benefits and welfare. 
Nurturing Talents 01,03-04. 
B1.1 Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age group and geographical region. Nurturing Talents 02-03. 
B1.2 Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region. Nurturing Talents 02. 
Aspect B2: Health and Safety. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.
Nurturing Talents 04. 
B2.1 Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year. Nurturing Talents 04. 
B2.2 Lost days due to work injury. /
B2.3 Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, and how they are implemented and monitored. Nurturing Talents 04


Appendix — 02. 
ESG Indicator Location. 
Environmental. 
Aspect B3: Development and Training. 
General Disclosure Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities. Nurturing Talents 05. 
B3.1 The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior management, middle management). Nurturing Talents 05. 
B3.2 The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category. Nurturing Talents 05. 
Aspect B4: Labour Standards. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour.
Nurturing Talents 01. 
B4.1 Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour. Nurturing Talents 01. 
B4.2 Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered. Nurturing Talents 01. 
Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management. 
General Disclosure Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain. Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
B5.1 Number of suppliers by geographical region. Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
B5.2 Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the practices are being implemented, and how they are implemented and monitored. Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
B5.3 Description of practices used to identify environmental and social risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and monitored. Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
B5.4 Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are implemented and monitored. Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
Aspect B6: Product Responsibility. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.
Improving Services 01-03. 
B6.1 Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons. Not applicable. 
B6.2 Number of products and service-related complaints received and how they are dealt with. Improving Services 04. 
B6.3 Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights. Improving Services 05-06. 
B6.4 Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures. Improving Services 01-03. 
B6.5 Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, and how they are implemented and monitored. Building Trust 06-10. 
Aspect B7: Anticorruption. 
General Disclosure Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.1. 
Enhancing Corporate Governance 02-04, Nurturing Talents 06. 
B7.1 Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and the outcomes of the cases. Nurturing Talents 06. 
B7.2 Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, and how they are implemented and monitored.
Enhancing Corporate Governance 02-04, Nurturing Talents 06. 
B7.3 Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff. Nurturing Talents 06. 
Aspect B8: Community Investment. 
General Disclosure Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities’ interests. Contributing to Society 01-04. 
B8.1 Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport). Contributing to Society 01-04. 
B8.2 Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area. Contributing to Society 02


Appendix — 03. 
GRI Standard Index. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages. 
GRI 101: Foundation. 
GRI 102: General Disclosures. 
Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the organization About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-3 Location of headquarters About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-4 Location of operations About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-6 Markets served About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-7 Scale of the organization About Baidu About Baidu 03 102-8 Information on employees and other workers Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 102-9 Supply chain Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 102-12 External initiatives About This Report About This Report 01 102-13 Membership of associations Cybersecurity Building Trust 04. 
Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Company Statement Company Statement 02 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities Company Statement Company Statement 02. 
Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03. 
Governance 102-18 Governance structure ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-19 Delegating authority ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 02 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 02 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 02 102-25 Conflicts of interest Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 02 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 01-02 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 02 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01


Appendix — 04. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting ESG Management Enhancing Corporate Governance 01 102-33 Communicating critical concerns Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns Materiality Assessment Materiality Assessment 08 102-35 Remuneration policies Talent First Nurturing Talents 04. 
Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Communicating with Stakeholders Communicating with Stakeholders 07. 
Reporting Practice 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements About This Report About This Report 01 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries About This Report About This Report 01 102-47 List of material topics Materiality Assessment Materiality Assessment 08 102-48 Restatements of information About This Report About This Report 01 102-49 Changes in reporting About This Report About This Report 01 102-50 Reporting period About This Report About This Report 01 102-51 Date of most recent report About This Report About This Report 01 102-52 Reporting cycle About This Report About This Report 01 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report About This Report About This Report 01 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards About This Report About This Report 01 102-55 GRI content index Appendix Appendix 03-08 102-56 External assurance Appendix Appendix 13. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016. 
General requirements for reporting the management approach 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Materiality Assessment Materiality Assessment 08 103-2 The management approach and its components Materiality Assessment Materiality Assessment 08 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Materiality Assessment Materiality Assessment 08


Appendix — 05. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages. 
Topic-Specific Disclosures. 
Economic. 
GRI 204：Procurement Practices. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
GRI 205：Anti-corruption. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Professional Ethics Enhancing Corporate Governance 03-04, Nurturing Talents 06 205-3 GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 Professional Ethics Nurturing Talents 06. 
GRI 206：Anti-competitive Behavior. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 03. 
Environmental. 
GRI 302：Energy. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04-07 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 302-3 Energy intensity Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 05-07 302-5 Reduction in energy requirements of products and services Green Products and Services Promoting Green Ideas 05-12. 
GRI 303：Water. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04-08 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 303-1 Water withdrawal by source Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 303-3 Water recycled and reused Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 06,08


Appendix — 06. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages. 
GRI 305: Emissions. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 03-04 103-2 The management approach and its components Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 03-07 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 03-04 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 305-4 GHG emissions intensity Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 06-07. 
GRI 306：Effluents and Waste. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04,07 103-2 The management approach and its components Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04,07 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04,07 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 306-2 Waste by type and disposal method Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 306-3 Significant spills Green Operations None 306-4 Transport of hazardous waste Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 08. 
GRI 307：Environmental Compliance. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04,07 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Green Operations Promoting Green Ideas 04 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Green Operations None. 
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Compliant Operations， Professional Ethics Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Professional Ethics Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
Social. 
GRI 401：Employment. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents01,03-04 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents01,03-04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents01,03-04 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Talent First Nurturing Talents 01-02 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Talent First Nurturing Talents 04 401-3 Parental leave Talent First Nurturing Talents 04


Appendix — 07. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages. 
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 04 403-2 Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities Talent First Nurturing Talents 04. 
GRI 404: Training and Education. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 05 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 05 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 05 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Talent First Nurturing Talents 05 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Talent First Nurturing Talents 05 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Talent First Nurturing Talents 04. 
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Talent First Nurturing Talents 03. 
GRI 406: Non-discrimination. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Talent First Nurturing Talents 03. 
GRI 408: Child Labor. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Talent First None. 
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 01 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor Talent First None. 
GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Talent First Nurturing Talents 03 412-3 Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening Talent First Nurturing Talents 03


Appendix — 08. 
Disclosure Description Chapters Pages. 
GRI 413: Local Communities. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Philanthropy, AI for Social Good Contributing to Society 01-04 103-2 The management approach and its components Philanthropy, AI for Social Good Contributing to Society 01-04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Philanthropy, AI for Social Good Contributing to Society 01-04 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs Philanthropy, AI for Social Good Contributing to Society 01-04 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities Philanthropy, AI for Social Good Contributing to Society 01-04. 
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-2 The management approach and its components Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Compliant Operations Enhancing Corporate Governance 04. 
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Content Management Improving Services 01 103-2 The management approach and its components Content Management Improving Services 01-04 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Content Management Improving Services 01-04 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories Content Management Improving Services 01-04 416-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services Content Management Improving Services 02-04. 
GRI 417：Marketing and Labeling. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Content Management Improving Services 03 103-2 The management approach and its components Content Management Improving Services 03 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Content Management Improving Services 03 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling Content Management Improving Services 03 417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling Content Management Improving Services 03 417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications Content Management Improving Services 03. 
GRI 418：Customer Privacy. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary Data Security Building Trust 06 103-2 The management approach and its components Data Security Building Trust 06-10 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach Data Security Building Trust 06-07,10


Appendix — 09. 
SASB Standard. 
Topic Accounting Metric Code Location. 
Environmental Footprint of Hard- ware Infrastructure (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable. 
TC-SI-130a.1 Promoting Green. 
Ideas 04 (1)Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with. 
High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress. 
TC-SI-130a.2 Promoting Green. 
Ideas 04. 
Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs TC-SI-130a.3 Promoting Green. 
Ideas 05-06. 
Data Privacy & Freedom of. 
Expression. 
Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy TC-SI-220a.1. 
Improving. 
Services 03, 07-08, Building. 
Trust 06-10. 
Data Security (1)Number of data breaches, (2)Percentage involving personally identifiable information (PII), (3)number of users affected. 
TC-SI-230a.1 Building Trust 02. 
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party cybersecurity standards. 
TC-SI-230a.2 Building Trust 01-10. 
Recruiting & Managing a Global,
Diverse & Skilled Workforce. 
Percentage of employees that are (1) foreign nationals and (2) located offshore TC-SI-330a.1 Nurturing Talents 03. 
Employee engagement as a percentage TC-SI-330a.2 Nurturing Talents 04. 
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1)management, (2)technical staff, and (3)all other employees. 
TC-SI-330a.3 Nurturing Talents 02-03. 
Managing Systemic Risks from. 
Technology Disruptions. 
Description of business continuity risks related to disruptions of operations TC-SI-550a.2. 
Building Trust 02,
Promoting Green. 
Ideas 02


Appendix — 10. 
Carbon Emission Accounting Methods. 
Scope of Emission Source of Emission Methodology Emission Factor. 
Scope 1:
Fossil fuel combustion. 
Natural gas consumption. 
The calculation is based on the natural gas consumption data and corresponding emission factors.
IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas. 
Inventories. 
Diesel consumption. 
The calculation is based on the diesel consumption data and corresponding emission factors.
IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas. 
Inventories. 
Gasoline consumption. 
The calculation is based on the gasoline consumption data and corresponding emission factors.
IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas. 
Inventories. 
Scope 1: Fugitive emission Refrigerant consumption. 
The calculation is based on the refrigerant consumption data and the corresponding global warming potential.
According to the Appendix C to the Number. 
Designation and Safety Classification of Refrigerants (GB7778-2008), which recommends the annual leakage ratio of refrigerants under normal conditions at 2% of the charged amount, and the IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, the annual leakage ratio of 4% is selected after comprehensive evaluation.
Scope 2. 
Purchased electricity consumption. 
The calculation is based on the purchased electricity data and corresponding emission factors.
Announcement on the Release of 2012 Baseline. 
Emission Factors for China’s Regional Power. 
Grids. 
Purchased heat/cold energy consumption. 
The calculation is based on the purchased heat/cold energy data and corresponding emission factors.
Accounting Methods and Reporting Guidance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Enterprises in Other Industrial Sectors (Trial)
Scope 3. 
Category 7: Consumption of electricity generated by charging piles for employee commuting. 
The calculation is based on the data of purchased electricity generated by charging piles and corresponding emission factors.
Announcement on the Release of 2012 Baseline. 
Emission Factors for China’s Regional Power. 
Grids. 
Category 8: Consumption of electricity purchased with upstream leased assets. 
The calculation is based on the purchased electricity data of Baidu's leased data centers and corresponding emission factors.
Announcement on the Release of 2012 Baseline. 
Emission Factors for China’s Regional Power. 
Grids


Appendix — 11. 
Independent Statement of Assurance


Appendix — 12. 
SDGs Contributions. 
Key SDG responded Our Commitments and Main Actions Location. 
Launching smart medical products such as Baidu Health (a one-stop health management platform) and Baidu Lingyi Zhihui (an AI-powered healthcare brand) to empower healthcare with digital technology and improve inclusive healthcare.
AI for Social Good. 
Establishing the Baidu Pinecone Academy to provide diverse AI learning resources for the public, alleviate the shortage of AI talents, and enhance the digital skills of the public.
Philanthropy. 
Respecting females, removing the “ceilings” for female employees at the workplace, ensuring equal employment opportunities for females, and strictly adhering to equal pay for equal work.
Talent First. 
Proactively introducing the photovoltaic power generation technology, increasing the use of renewable energy in office buildings and data centers, and launching selfdriving vehicles powered by new energy to help achieve the “dual carbon” targets.
Promoting Green Ideas. 
Providing employees with a competitive salary system, launching long-term equity incentive plans which cover nearly half of the staff, and caring for employees’ work-life balance and physical and mental health.
Talent First. 
With the concept of “Everyone Can AI”, promoting the open-source sharing of AIrelated technical tools and ensuring every developer has access to the world’s most advanced AI technologies; Establishing the AI data annotation industrial base, boosting regional economic development, and empowering the construction of a regional digital economic system.
Intellectual Property Rights Management AI for Social Good. 
Using the intelligent connected vehicle technology to develop intelligent transportation products, and facilitating the design, construction, operation, and sustainable development of zero-carbon parks with digital and intelligent technologies.
Green Products and services. 
Setting the targets for carbon neutrality by 2030, specifying emission reduction pathways in data centers, office buildings, carbon offsets, intelligent transportation, AI cloud, and supply chain; striving to help the society save energy and reduce emissions through technology while achieving the carbon neutrality targets at the operational level.
Addressing Climate Change. 
Adhering to business ethics and legal compliance as the foundation of corporate governance, building a scientific and efficient corporate governance mechanism with clear responsibilities and rights, and maintaining the sustainable operation and development of Baidu.
ESG Management Compliant Operations Professional Ethics. 
Proactively participating in the standard construction of cybersecurity, data security, and AI security industries, and actively cooperating with ecological partners to facilitate the ecological construction of the industries.
Cybersecurity Data Security AI for Social Good. 
In 2021, based on the analysis of business characteristics, Baidu selected 10 of the most relevant SDGs to Baidu's sustainability and pledged to support and implement SDGs in corporate business strategies and operations, contributing due efforts to social sustainability.
Good health and well-being. 
Quality education. 
Gender equality. 
Affordable and clean energy. 
Decent work and economic growth. 
Industry, innovation and infrastructure. 
Climate action. 
Sustainable cities and communities. 
Peace, justice and strong institutions. 
Partnerships for the goals


Appendix — 13. 
Reader Feedback Form. 
Dear readers, 
Thank you for reading our 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report. We sincerely welcome your valuable comments and suggestions, and look forward to your feedback through the mail, email, or online survey with the QR code below. Thank you! 1. As a stakeholder of Baidu, what is your relationship to Baidu? □ Shareholder □ Employee □ Supplier or Business Partner □ User □ Government □ Community □ Financial Institution □ Academic Institution □ Others (Please specify) _____________ 2. What is your overall comment on this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 3. What do you think about the clarity, accuracy and completeness of the information disclosed in this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 4. What do you think about the comprehensiveness of Baidu's economic responsibilities reflected in this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 
5. What do you think about the comprehensiveness of Baidu's environmental responsibilities reflected in this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 6. What do you think about the comprehensiveness of Baidu's social responsibilities reflected in this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 7. What do you think about the design and layout of this Report? □ Excellent □ Good □ Average □ Below average 8. Which part of this Report do you think needs improvement? □ Enhancing Corporate Governance □ Building Trust □ Nurturing Talents □ Promoting Green Ideas □ Improving Services □ Contributing to Society 9. Content that you wish to know more about beyond this Report? 10. Your suggestions regarding the compilation of our ESG Report?
Contact us. 
Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10 Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing. 
ZIP Code: 100085. 
Email: esg@baidu.com


Contact us. 
Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10 Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing. 
ZIP Code: 100085. 
Email: esg@baidu.com