CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT 2022


TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
A MESSAGE FROM OUR PRESIDENT AND CEO 3. 
WHO WE ARE 4. 
OUR APPROACH TO ESG 6. 
ABOUT THIS REPORT 6. 
TEAM MEMBERS: Safety and Engagement 7. 
Safety 8. 
Engagement 9. 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 9. 
Giving Back to Our Communities 10. 
ENVIRONMENT: Enabling Greener, More Efficient Construction 11. 
Sustainable Product and Solutions 12. 
Efficient Operations 13. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 13. 
INTEGRITY: Protecting Our Trusted Reputation 14. 
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX 16. 
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX 17


Sustainability Report 2022 | 3. 
At Builders FirstSource, we aim to outperform today and transform tomorrow. In that spirit of continuous improvement, I am proud to deliver our company’s inaugural Corporate Social Responsibility Report. Although this is our first report, environmental leadership has been at the core of our business since it was founded in 1998.
This report details how our comprehensive initiatives and programs address our focus on environment, social, and governance (ESG). This includes disclosure about how we manage: • Our team members’ health and safety; • Our sustainable products; • Our environmental practices and oversight; and • Our compliance practices. 
We firmly believe that our team members are critical to our success, and they are an essential element of who we are. In 2021, as part of our commitment to a people-first culture, we launched a new diversity training program and a competitive package of health, wellness, and retirement benefits.
Environment, social, and governance are key elements of our business strategy, which we consider in our day-to-day decision making. We recognize that the road to a more sustainable future is long, and we welcome you to walk this path to a better world with us. Thank you for your continued support and interest in Builders FirstSource.
DEAR STAKEHOLDERS,
A MESSAGE FROM OUR PRESIDENT AND CEO. 
DAVE FLITMAN President and Chief Executive Officer. 
WE RECOGNIZE THAT THE ROAD TO A MORE SUSTAINABLE FUTURE IS LONG, AND WE WELCOME YOU TO WALK THIS PATH TO A BETTER WORLD WITH US.
“


Sustainability Report 2022 | 4. 
Distribution Locations. 
States. 
Revenue in 2021. 
Team Members 565 42 $19.9B >28K. 
WHO WE ARE. 
Builders FirstSource is the nation’s largest supplier of structural building products, value-added components and services to the professional market for new residential construction and repair and remodeling. We provide an integrated solution to our customers to help them shorten construction cycle times, increase build quality, improve safety, reduce waste, and reduce costs.
Formed in 1998, and publicly traded on the NYSE (BLDR), Builders FirstSource has approximately 565 distribution and manufacturing locations and a presence in 42 states and 85 of the top 100 Metropolitan Statistical Areas. Our nationwide team is equipped with the talent, local knowledge, and industry expertise required to solve homebuilding challenges and streamline our customers' businesses – today. We are also investing in tomorrow – continuously improving our organization, strengthening our team and creating the next generation of breakthrough innovations that are transforming the homebuilding industry.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 5. 
OUR MISSION. 
Be the best supplier of building materials and services by having a people-first culture, exceptional customer service, and innovative solutions that create superior value for stakeholders.
OUR MISSION, VISIONS & VALUES. 
OUR VISION. 
Make the dream of home ownership more achievable for everyone, making Builders FirstSource the most valuable partner in the industry.
OUR VALUES: S.P.I.C.E.
Our values are at the center of everything we do: safety, people, integrity, customers, excellence. From the boardroom to the jobsite, they define our culture and guide our priorities, decisions and actions.
S AFETY. 
We make safety our top priority.
We put safety above all else, and we strictly follow policy and procedures to protect ourselves and our team members.
E XCELLENCE. 
We challenge the status quo.
We empower each other to uncover innovative solutions that solve problems and create value for our customers. We operate efficiently and in an environmentally responsible manner.
P EOPLE. 
We lead with a people-first culture.
Our people are the heart of our company. We respect and take care of each other, give back to our communities and welcome diversity.
I NTEGRITY. 
We are honest and reliable.
Our goal is to be the best, and we take this responsibility seriously. We trust each other to get the job done and get it done right.
C USTOMERS. 
We deliver exceptional customer service.
We take pride in our long-lasting customer relationships and world-class service. First, we listen; then we deliver what our customers need, when they need it.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 6. 
Helping homebuilders become more productive and efficient is fundamental to what we do, and we are passionate about building this future together. Our mission is to be the best supplier of building materials and services by having a people-first culture, exceptional customer service, and innovative solutions that create superior value for stakeholders. We are committed to making informed choices that improve our corporate governance, financial strength, operational efficiency, environmental stewardship, community engagement, and resource management.
We continuously seek to identify, measure, and map the environmental, social, and governance impacts of our business to long-term value for our company, team members, and communities. Our focus on sustainability is guided by our stakeholders and third-party frameworks, including the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Building Products & Furnishings Standard, and Task Force on ClimateRelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Our ESG strategy and goals are reviewed and approved by our Executive Leadership Team, with our Board of Directors maintaining ultimate oversight. Specifically, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is tasked with overseeing management’s efforts on significant issues relating to ESG, including emissions, human rights, labor, diversity and inclusion, health and safety, supply chain, and community, to enhance shareholder value.
ABOUT THIS REPORT. 
This report showcases our commitment to ESG and provides an overview of our governance, oversight, policies, programs, and performance around the issues material to the sustainability of Builders FirstSource. We look forward to obtaining feedback from our stakeholders and building on the initiatives outlined in this report as we continue to develop our practices and disclosures in the future.
We report using the SASB and TCFD frameworks that are most relevant to our business and our stakeholders.
Unless otherwise specifically stated, this report covers Builders FirstSource’s performance in 2021.
OUR APPROACH TO ESG


Sustainability Report 2022 | 7. 
TEAM MEMBERS. 
Safety and Engagement. 
WE WORK HARD TO PROVIDE A WORKPLACE THAT IS SAFE AND ONE THAT PROMOTES BRINGING FRESH IDEAS AND DIVERSE PERSPECTIVES.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 8. 
Training. We promote understanding and adherence to our safety programs through ongoing education and training efforts. Mandatory new hire training includes robust training on safety and the Builders FirstSource Safety and Health Program. In addition to mandatory new hire safety training, all team members must participate in daily, as well as monthly, safety meetings.
Performance. While our goal is to drive to zero recordable injuries, we delivered an 18% reduction across the company in 2021, beating our 10% reduction target. We have targeted another 10% annual safety improvement for this year, which is a component of our leadership’s compensation.
TEAM MEMBERS. 
Our team members are key to the success of our company, and we appreciate each and every one for their partnership, dedication, and loyalty to achieve our collective goals. We work hard to provide a workplace that is safe and promotes bringing fresh ideas and diverse perspectives to help us grow and continue to be a thriving, sustainable business that is a source of pride in our industry.
SAFETY. 
Accountability. We believe that all incidents are preventable. Our Vice President of Safety has managerial responsibility for our health and safety programs. Our Executive Leadership Team is actively engaged in our safety programs and has strong oversight via periodic updates and performance reports. Our Board of Directors also receives quarterly reports on our safety performance and initiatives. Moreover, safety performance is a component of our leadership’s compensation.
Policies and Programs. The Builders FirstSource Safety and Health Program provides the framework with our guidelines and procedures for operating safely and mitigating risks. We have established a general safety manual, construction site safety, and standard operating procedures for specific jobs. All of our safety policies and programs apply equally to our team members and contractors.
Each of our locations implement controls and safeguards to promote safety and must have processes in place to inspect and identify hazards and then record and track mitigation actions for each hazard identified. We provide safe work procedures for critical tasks, offering clear expectations and requirements to perform work safely. Location managers and supervisors are responsible for implementing and maintaining safety elements in their work areas and answering team member questions about our Safety and Health Program, and work with our regional or market safety managers as appropriate.
All locations also have written emergency preparedness procedures with guidelines on how to respond in the event of an incident. To ensure compliance, we conduct internal safety audits of each location at least once every three years.
We provide competitive compensation and benefits packages to attract and retain top talent. All full-time team members are eligible for company benefits, including the following: • Health, dental and vision insurance • Flexible spending accounts for health and dependent Care • 401(K) retirement program with company match (also available to parttime team members) • Paid time off • Paid parental leave • Company paid life and AD&D insurance • Choice of disability income protection (short and long Term) • Team Member Assistance Program (also available to part-time team members) • Tobacco Cessation Program


Sustainability Report 2022 | 9. 
ENGAGEMENT. 
We value and seek the input of our team members to foster an engaging and rewarding work environment to attract and retain talent. We undertake annual engagement surveys supplemented by quarterly pulse surveys, through which team members provide input on our work environment, allowing us to assess and further enhance workforce engagement. We also hold regular town hall meetings with Q&A sessions to provide open communications with our team members. To promote a safe and respectful workplace, we maintain a formal grievance system where team members can report an issue via our anonymous hotline, as well as directly to their manager or Human Resources representative. These procedures are set forth in our Team Member Handbook and company intranet, as well as displayed on posters in our facilities.
Training and leadership development programs include: • High potential and emerging leader classes • Leadership mentoring • Customer service training • Micro-learnings courses on various topics, such as navigating change • Best practices sharing • Industry-specific skills courses. 
At Builders FirstSource, we encourage the continuous professional development of all of our team members. Our team members receive performance reviews annually as part of our feedback and development process. We also have an Internal Training and Development Team focused on identifying current and future skill gaps and training our team members to ensure they have the necessary skills to succeed. We utilize our BFS Foundations Learning Management System to provide and track completion of our trainings across topics such as leadership and management, professional skills, and compliance. Moreover, we support valuable professional certifications across our markets.
2021 Gender and Ethnic Diversity by Function. 
MALE FEMALE ETHNICALLY DIVERSE. 
All Team Members 84% 16% 51%
Executives 89% 11% 11%
Corporate 67% 33% 29%
Field Ops 85% 15% 55%
Field Management 83% 17% 24%
American Indian or Alaska Native (not Hispanic or Latino)
Black or African American (not Hispanic or Latino)
Hispanic or Latino. 
Two or More Races (not Hispanic or Latino)
Asian (not Hispanic or Latino)
Decline to Answer / No Answer. 
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (not Hispanic or Latino)
White (not Hispanic or Latino) 49% 29% 11% 8% 1% 1% 1% 0% 2019 3.92* 2021 2.84 2020 3.45*
Total Recordable Incident Rate *Proforma combined rate for Builders FirstSource and BMC. 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION. 
We believe diversity, equity, and inclusion must be firmly embedded in our strategy. As part of this strategy, we engaged our team members in 2021 through a diversity, equity, and inclusion survey to develop our company’s key priorities around diversity, equity and inclusion, which are: 1. Enhance awareness; 2. Increase workforce diversity; 3. Improve and enhance communication; and 4. Increase inclusion and engagement.
To drive these priorities, we have launched diversity, equity, and inclusion trainings for all team members, including training on unconscious bias. We also have a DE&I Resource Group, which is focused on empowering team members to reach their fullest potential.
In addition, our Proud to Serve Resource Group is focused on recruiting, employing, and retaining veterans and persons serving in the armed services.
Builders FirstSource is a proud partner of the DOD’s SkillBridge Program and is designated as an official Military Friendly® employer for 2022. Additionally, we received a 2022 Employer Award from VETS Indexes.
To assess and help advance diversity among our team members, we monitor the composition of our workforce and increase recruiting from more diverse sources. The pie chart below shows our current ethnic diversity across the company, while the table outlines our diversity by function.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 10. 
GIVING BACK TO OUR COMMUNITIES. 
More than a decade ago, Builders FirstSource established an enduring partnership with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS). Because many of us know someone or have been impacted directly by the devastation of blood cancer, we are committed to transforming the lives of patients diagnosed each year.
Through a variety of charitable efforts, including the participation of thousands of team members in LLS’s signature Light the Night events across the country, Builders FirstSource continuously supports the non-profit’s mission to raise money for research that will cure leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma, and to improve the quality of life of patients and their families.
THE BFS CARES PROGRAM, which was created to help team members facing financial hardship immediately after a natural disaster or unforeseen personal hardship. We provide a tax-free grant, ranging from $500 - $5,000, funded by individual team member donations and support from the company. Since 2017, more than 1,000 grants have been provided through donations of over $700,000 because of the care and generosity of our team members.
LEUKEMIA & LYMPHOMA SOCIETY $5.6M raised for LLS through December 31, 2021 #7 national ranking among LLS corporate donors 16 years of support. 
Builders FirstSource supports a variety of charitable organizations to create a meaningful difference in the lives of others and an enduring impact on the communities where we live and work. These include: *We raised more than $1 million through donations for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society and committed over $1 million to charitable efforts, including disaster relief and supporting veterans.
AMERICAN RED CROSS, which shelters, feeds, and provides comfort to victims of disasters, distributes international humanitarian aid and supports veterans, military members, and their families.
TUNNEL TO TOWERS FOUNDATION, which supports first responders, veterans, and their families by providing these heroes and the families they leave behind with mortgage-free homes.
CAMP SOUTHERN GROUND, which supports veterans, in addition to providing extraordinary camp experiences for children, especially those with neurodevelopmental differences and from military families and underserved communities.
$2M+*
IN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS IN 2021!
We want to extend an invitation to all our valued customers and suppliers to join us in helping raise funds.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 11. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Enabling greener, more efficient construction. 
WE ARE COMMITTED TO OPERATING EFFICIENTLY AND TO MINIMIZING OUR FOOTPRINT ON THE ENVIRONMENT, INCLUDING OUR CARBON EMISSIONS, WATER USAGE AND WASTE.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 12. 
As the nation’s largest supplier of structural building products and value-added components, the way we align our business to the environment is an integral part of our culture. We are committed to operating efficiently and minimizing our footprint on the environment, including our carbon emissions, water usage, and waste. Our products and services also enable our partners to build more sustainably and efficiently, enabling sustainable building in our industry.
SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS. 
We believe the sustainability of our products and operations is important to delivering value to our stakeholders, including our customers, team members, shareholders and communities. As such, providing materials for the construction of green buildings is a priority for Builders FirstSource. Our team is well trained and deeply knowledgeable about green building practices and products, and we offer a broad range of energy efficient and sustainable-certified products, including Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) and Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) lumber, which is also incorporated into our trusses and wall panels, and Energy Star® qualified windows and doors. We are committed to sourcing wood from SFI- or FSC-certified vendors, particularly for wood from Canadian boreal forests and temperate rainforests. In 2021, we sourced approximately 90% of our wood products from SFI- or FSC-certified vendors.
ENVIRONMENT ~90%
OF OUR WOOD IS FROM SUSTAINABLE FORESTRY CERTIFIED VENDORS. 
BUILDERS FIRSTSOURCE MANUFACTURED FRAMING COMPONENTS MAKE FRAMING GREENER, WITH MORE THAN 3 MILLION TREES SAVED SINCE 2019*
MANUFACTURED COMPONENTS = MORE EFFICIENT WITH LESS WASTE + CLEANER, SAFER JOBSITE. 
Builders FirstSource uses innovation to offer sustainable solutions that boost building efficiency and result in substantial savings for our customers. Our manufactured framing components – including wall panels, EWP floor systems, roof trusses, floor trusses, and READY-FRAME® – optimize material usage and reduce construction waste. We estimate that our production process for roof and floor trusses save approximately 25% on total board footage of wood.
Our READY-FRAME® computerized, precise pre-cut, labeled framing bundles enable crews to build faster, safer, and with less waste. READY-FRAME® enables construction up to 20% faster and can deliver a 39% increase in productivity per production labor hour. Utilization of READY-FRAME® can reduce cutting by 60% and ladder time by 27%, reducing exposure to injury risk leading to a safer and cleaner jobsite. READY-FRAME® also significantly reduces the amount of material sent to landfill, up to two-thirds fewer dumpsters per home, meaning less waste and lower disposal costs, as well as lower emissions from avoided waste haulage.
*Calculation based on production data for Builders FirstSource READY-FRAME® precut framing packages and roof and floor trusses since January 1, 2019. An independent third-party study found that the lumber reduction from homes built with READY-FRAME®, compared to traditional stick-framed homes, equals approximately 7.8 trees per the average size US home of approximately 2,300 sq. ft. We calculate the number of homes supplied with READY-FRAME® using our average board footage processed per house, which is based on our 2019 READY-FRAME® saw production data and our 2019 data of actual homes produced with READY-FRAME®.The structural building components association (SBCA) study "Framing the American Dream" (sbcindustry.com/fad) found that stick-framed structures use 25% more lumber than manufactured components. We calculate the number of trees saved for homes using our roof and floor trusses using a 25% savings on total board footage production.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 13. 
EFFICIENT OPERATIONS. 
In our operations, we are committed to running efficiently and minimizing our impact on the environment. Our Environmental Compliance Department has leadership responsibility for developing and implementing management programs and each of our locations assign responsibilities to implement and comply with these environmental programs. We also track applicable federal, state, and local environmental regulatory requirements, such as storm water and air requirements, to ensure compliance. We utilize our BFS Foundations Management System to educate and train team members on relevant environmental and safety topics, such as storm water management awareness and spill prevention.
In line with our focus on compliance and continual improvement, our Internal Environmental Audit Team audits each of our locations at least once every three years. We take appropriate corrective actions to address any issues and enhance our operations and compliance.
We are also committed to reducing our environmental impact, including natural resource usage and emissions. For example, we do not utilize water in our key manufacturing processes, which minimizes our impact and risks associated with water usage. In line with this commitment, we have implemented several initiatives to reduce our environmental impact, including: • Utilizing water-based paints, which are better for the environment and our team members and reduce hazardous waste risks.
• Implementing a nationwide delivery routing system to maximize vehicle efficiency and minimize emissions.
• Monitoring vehicle idle time to identify high-idle locations and providing financial incentives to minimize idling and reduce emissions.
• Upgrading lighting to LEDs, which not only save energy and reduce carbon emissions, but also improve safety through better visibility.
• Installing overhead fans to reduce air conditioning power usage.
• Introducing electric forklifts and clean burning diesel delivery vehicles to reduce carbon emissions.
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS. 
We are committed to addressing the risks of climate change by taking actions to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and those in our supply chain. Since the completion of the Builders FirstSource and BMC merger, we have been working to harmonize our systems to more efficiently and accurately collect and report our energy usage and emissions data. We are collecting and calculating our emissions and energy consumption at our five largest locations, which represent approximately 7% of our square footage. The emissions and energy consumption at these locations and for our total vehicle fleet are set forth below, and are a first step in our plans to scale data collection and disclosure in the future.
2021 Top 5 Sites* and Total Vehicle Fleet Emissions:
Metric Tons CO2e Energy Use (kWh)
Vehicle Fleet and Select Operations (Scope 1) 149,970 593,166,165. 
Electricity (Scope 2) 1,725 3,286,789 *Based on available data from each of the top 5 locations surveyed, which covers approximately 65% of natural gas and electricity utilities billing data.
As we look ahead, our priorities with respect to greenhouse gas emissions include: • Quantify and disclose our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2023.
• Assess setting a net-zero science-based carbon reduction target with the Science Based Targets initiative.
• Integrate zero emission vehicles into our fleets.
Why Choose READY-FRAME®?
Computerized pre-cut framing technology puts our customers ahead of schedule and the competition.
Better Faster Safer Greener Computerized designs reduce mistakes and material misuse.
Wall framing is pre-cut, labeled, and ready to assemble. Save up to one day per floor!
Less cutting on the job reduces injury risk for a safer and cleaner jobsite.
Put less in the dumpster, reduce disposal fees and have a cleaner site.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 14. 
INTEGRITY. 
Protecting our trusted reputation. 
WE ARE COMMITTED TO PROMOTING A WORK ENVIRONMENT AND ATMOSPHERE THAT IS CONDUCIVE TO INDIVIDUAL AND COMPANY INTEGRITY AND SUCCESS.


Sustainability Report 2022 | 15. 
We are committed to promoting a work environment and atmosphere that is conducive to individual and company integrity and success, and we take deep pride in knowing that we succeed with uncompromising integrity. Builders FirstSource’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth policies and procedures to promote integrity and ethical conduct, and all team members must agree to comply with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
In addition, we have implemented measures to ensure appropriate and ethical business conduct and relations, such as our Responsible Supply Chain Policy. We also have robust accounting systems to monitor and detect potential financial irregularities, which includes regular reporting to the Board of Directors.
WHISTLEBLOWER HOTLINE. 
To help ensure compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and promote ethical behavior, we have a whistleblower program overseen by our General Counsel, who has general oversight and enforcement with respect to business ethics. Our whistleblower program offers anonymous, 24/7 reporting of any concerns, and the program is communicated to all team members via posters in all locations, the Team Member Handbook provided to and acknowledged by all team members, and our company intranet. All reported incidents are investigated and tracked in our EthicsPoint compliance system through final resolution. Appropriate representatives of our legal, human resources, internal audit, and finance departments are notified of reported incidents, with an overview of reports provided to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.
CONFLICT MINERALS. 
Builders FirstSource recognizes that the extraction and processing of certain raw materials can have significant social, economic, and environmental impacts on local populations. We are particularly concerned with tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold originating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo or its adjoining countries (“Conflict Minerals”), where revenues generated by their sale may directly, or indirectly, finance armed conflict. We do not directly source materials from smelters or mines and only utilize refined metals in our manufacturing activities, and we expect all of our suppliers to buy materials from socially responsible sources.
INTEGRITY


Sustainability Report 2022 | 16. 
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX. 
We are committed to providing transparency on our climate change risk management. The TCFD has developed voluntary, consistent climate-related financial risk disclosures for use by companies in providing information to stakeholders, which we have used to guide our reporting.
GOVERNANCE Board Oversight. 
Our Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of climate change related risks, and is responsible for reviewing and providing guidance on the company’s climate change related programs and policies as part of its wider sustainability oversight. Specifically, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is tasked with overseeing management’s efforts on significant issues relating to corporate social responsibility and sustainability, including issues relating to the environment.
Management Oversight. 
Our sustainability strategy and goals are reviewed and approved by our CEO and Executive Leadership Team. Our Environmental Compliance department has day-to-day responsibility for developing and implementing environmental management programs. Each of our locations assign responsibilities to implement and comply with these environmental programs. We also track applicable federal, state, and local environmental regulatory requirements, such as storm water and air requirements, to ensure compliance.
STRATEGY Climaterelated risks and opportunities. 
We have identified climate-related risks and opportunities that may affect us over the short-, medium- and longer-term. These include: PHYSICAL RISKS: adverse weather events, natural disasters, or similar events, including as a result of climate change, could generally reduce or delay construction activity, which could adversely impact our performance;
REGULATORY RISKS: although we are not a significant user of energy or emitter of greenhouse gases, regulations to limit climate change may lead to increases in certain operating and commodity costs. Additionally, regulatory changes to building codes could add compliance complexity to our operations;
DEMAND OPPORTUNITY: we assist homebuilders in designing energy efficient homes in order to meet increasingly stringent energy rating requirements. Upgrading to our premium windows, doors, and insulating products can reduce the overall cost to the homebuilder by minimizing costs of the required heating/cooling system. We work closely with the homebuilder to select the appropriate mix of our products in order to meet current and forthcoming energy codes. We believe these services require scale, capital, and sophistication that smaller competitors do not possess.
Impact on strategy. 
Our leadership team is committed to considering the potential risks and opportunities climate change may pose to our business. We regularly evaluate ways to reduce the resource needs of our operations, and the direct and indirect environmental impacts of the supply, manufacturing, use, and disposal of our products. We recognize that the effects of climate change will add greater impetus to addressing the world’s environmental challenges.
Climate resilience. 
Our senior managers and executives monitor changing regulatory requirements and other impacts to our business. We seek to balance operational efficiency with resilience through a diversified manufacturing and supplier base.
RISK MANAGEMENT. 
Our Senior Leadership Team and Board of Directors are intent on managing and mitigating various risks to our business and financial performance, including climate change and other environmental risks.
Such risk management topics are reviewed and discussed on a regular basis among our leadership team across the entire organization. Consideration of such risks is implemented in all aspects of our business as part of our operating and investment decision-making process.
METRICS Metrics We are currently reviewing our disclosure of carbon emissions.
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. 
We monitor fuel use and emissions from our vehicle fleet, and are collecting and calculating energy consumption at five of our largest locations.
For more information, please see the section: Greenhouse Gas Emissions


Sustainability Report 2022 | 17. 
These are the SASB recommended disclosure metrics for Builders FirstSource based on the Building Products & Furnishings Standard.
ACCOUNTING METRIC CODE DISCLOSURE. 
ENERGY MANAGEMENT IN MANUFACTURING (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable. 
CG-BF-130a.1 Partial data available See section on Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
MANAGEMENT OF CHEMICALS IN PRODUCTS. 
Discussion of processes to assess and manage risks and/or hazards associated with chemicals in products. 
CG-BF-250a.1 See section on Efficient Operations. 
Percentage of eligible products meeting volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions and content standards. 
CG-BF-250a.2 Not reported. 
PRODUCT LIFECYCLE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS. 
Description of efforts to manage product lifecycle impacts and meet demand for sustainable products. 
CG-BF-410a.1 See section on Sustainable Products and Solutions (1) Weight of end-of-life material recovered, (2) percentage of recovered materials recycled. 
CG-BF-410a.2 Not reported. 
WOOD SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT (1) Total weight of wood fiber materials purchased, (2) percentage from third-party certified forestlands, (3) percentage by standard, and (4) percentage certified to other wood fiber standards, (5) percentage by standard. 
CG-BF-430a.1 Approximately 90% of our wood products in 2021 were from SFI or FSC certified vendors. See section on Sustainable Product and Solutions. 
ACTIVITY METRIC Annual production CG-BF-000.A Not disclosed. 
Area of manufacturing facilities CG-BF-000.B Not disclosed. 
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX


Sustainability Report 2022 | 18. 
Builders FirstSource 2001 Bryan Street, Suite 1600 Dallas, TX 75201 bldr.com. 
If you have any questions regarding the Sustainability Report, please contact info@bldr.com. 
May 2022