CF Industries 2021 ESG Report 1 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


A Message from Our CEO. 
To our Stakeholders:
CF Industries made substantial progress in 2021 across the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) dimensions that we believe are critical to the long-term success of our Company. These advances have been driven by outstanding work from the CF Industries team, guided by a strategy of decarbonizing our manufacturing processes and supporting the transition to a clean energy economy, underpinned by continued strong financial performance.
I am pleased to highlight some of our most significant accomplishments in 2021 related to our ESG objectives: ▶ First and foremost, we operated safely. Our full year recordable incident rate was 0.32 incidents per 200,000 work hours, which is significantly better than industry averages. This is especially impressive as we had our highest level of maintenance activities ever during the year, including completing seven ammonia plant turnarounds.
▶ We began construction on North America’s first commercial scale green ammonia production at our Donaldsonville, Louisiana, manufacturing complex. Once complete in 2023, we will be able to produce 20,000 tons of carbon-free ammonia per year.
▶ Our Board of Directors approved two projects that, when complete, will reduce our emissions by up to 2.5 million tons annually. This will enable the production of up to 1.25 million tons of net zero-carbon ammonia. byproduct captured and permanently sequestered – that will help decarbonize other industries.
▶ We exceeded our expectations on certain ESG goals we had set in 2020, such as identifying decarbonization projects across our network, increasing representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles, and advancing nutrient stewardship in the farming community.
▶ We also established a new goal during the year to reduce our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 10% by 2030. As part of this commitment, we published our Scope 3 emissions for the first time.
▶ We voluntarily made our EEO-1 report publicly available on our website. The EEO-1 report is a required annual private disclosure to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) that details the Company’s US employment data by gender and several racial and ethnic categories.
▶ We established an Inclusion Council, our first Inclusion Resource Group and produced our first-ever. 
Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Report.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company ESG & Sustainability Energy, Emissions, & Climate Change. 
Our Workplace & Communities. 
Food Security & Product Stewardship. 
Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships, & Policy Engagement. 
Reporting & Data. 
We believe that these accomplishments have energized our entire Company as we continue to transform our business to enable us to capture the growth opportunity of the coming clean energy economy. This is important work for CF Industries and the world as our success in decarbonizing our manufacturing network can help drive the success of other decarbonization efforts.
TCFD Governance B. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 2 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


OUR BUSINESS AND STRATEGY. 
At our core, CF Industries is a producer of ammonia. For decades, we have used the Haber-Bosch process to fix atmospheric nitrogen with hydrogen from natural gas to produce anhydrous ammonia, whose chemical composition is NH3. Over this same time frame, we have made a business of selling ammonia and other derivative fertilizer products such as urea and urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) for the energy that the nitrogen component of ammonia provides to plants, which increases crop yields.
Humankind’s ability to produce nitrogen fertilizer has had an undeniably positive effect on the world. Along with advancements in seed technology and farming practices, the use of nitrogen fertilizer and other nutrients dramatically increased food production in the second half of the 1900s. Food security and quality of life around the world improved as well. The annual rate of people dying due to a famine globally per decade declined nearly 99 percent from the 1960s to the 2010s. At the same time, fertilizer allows more food to be grown on fewer acres. This reduces the amount of land cleared for agriculture, preserving carbon sequestering forests and important wildlife ecosystems as well as enhancing biodiversity.
Ammonia and its derivative fertilizer products are commodities. Given this, our first order of business is to focus on achieving the lowest delivered cost per ton. At CF Industries, we do this by leveraging our unique capabilities – an outstanding operational capability and disciplined capital and corporate stewardship. In practice, this means access to low feedstock costs, high asset utilization and productivity, an extensive multimode distribution network to lower logistics costs, maximizing margins by optimizing customer locations and product type, and a constant focus on cost management.
The clear benefits of ammonia and its derivative fertilizers in providing energy to crops to increase their yield come with a trade-off. While our plants are among the most efficient in the global industry, the ammonia production process is nevertheless energyintensive and therefore results in significant carbon emissions. We regularly engage stakeholders about this challenge.
At the same time, some energy-intensive industries looking to reduce their own carbon footprints have identified ammonia as a potential source of clean energy. This is due to ammonia’s hydrogen component, which is widely viewed as a scalable source of clean energy. Ammonia can be a clean fuel itself as it does not release any carbon when used as an energy source. Ammonia also could serve as a medium to store and transport hydrogen. In essence, these industries are exploring purchasing ammonia for the hydrogen value of the molecule – a value that is enhanced if the ammonia production process is decarbonized.
Our need to reduce our carbon footprint and the need to decarbonize the global economy intersect. As a result, our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy.
This approach builds on our existing business. We will still provide energy to agriculture end-users in the form of ammonia and derivative nitrogen fertilizers. But we are also pursuing the growth opportunities available from providing clean energy for power generation in the form of ammonia.
Alongside these efforts, we will decarbonize our ammonia production network, including producing ammonia from carbon-free sources (green ammonia) and ammonia produced conventionally with the CO2 byproduct captured and permanently sequestered (blue ammonia). These are more than promises: we have committed $385 million in capital through 2025 to advance these initiatives.
“Our need to reduce our carbon footprint and the need to decarbonize the global economy intersect. As a result, our strategy is to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy.”
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 3 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY. 
Our strategy of accelerating the world’s transition to clean energy is linked to a comprehensive set of ESG goals. These commitments include a dramatic reduction in carbon emissions across our global network to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and an intermediate goal of a 25% reduction in emissions intensity by 2030. Our ESG goals also encompass other issues important to CF Industries and its stakeholders, including inclusion, diversity & equity (ID&E), safety, food security, nutrient management, and community involvement. Our complete list of ESG goals appears later in this report and can also be found at sustainability.cfindustries. com.
Given the critical importance of these efforts to the Company, shareholders, and stakeholders, our Board of Directors aligns executive compensation directly to ESG objectives. Management also benefits from the oversight of the Board, including two committees with a focus on specific ESG-relevant areas: one that has oversight over ID&E matters and employee well-being initiatives and another that oversees the Company’s clean energy initiatives and progress toward net-zero carbon emissions, community involvement efforts and overall accountability for meeting the Company’s ESG objectives.
We communicate our performance in these areas and others through our annual ESG and sustainability reporting, which include our submissions under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Additionally, we remain committed to make the UN Global Compact and its principles part of the strategy, culture, and day-today operations of our company and to engage in collaborative projects that advance the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
A PLATFORM TO DELIVER ON OUR STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES. 
Our strategic evolution is occurring at a time when our business is demonstrating strong returns from our investments in operational excellence and growth over the previous decade.
During 2021, we experienced strong global nitrogen demand, less nitrogen supply due to lower global industry operating rates and favorable energy spreads that increased the Company’s margin opportunities. These dynamics became much more pronounced in the second half of the year and, in particular, during the fourth quarter of 2021 when global nitrogen prices and energy spreads reached record highs.
For 2021, the Company reported net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $917 million, or $4.24 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA1 was just over $2.7 billion. Net cash from operations was approximately $2.9 billion and free cash flow2 was approximately $2.2 billion, both Company records.
As we entered 2022, global nitrogen industry fundamentals remain very favorable. The need to replenish global grain stocks and increased economic activity should continue to support robust global demand. High energy prices in Europe and Asia, as well as nitrogen export restrictions through at least the middle of 2022 from key-producing countries such as China, Egypt, Russia and Turkey, are expected to challenge supply availability. As a result, we believe CF Industries is well-positioned for the years ahead, providing us a strong platform from which to pursue our clean energy initiatives and take the steps necessary to achieve our ESG goals.

President and Chief Executive Officer Tony Will. 
A CLEAN ENERGY FUTURE. 
Few companies are fortunate enough to find a business as vital to the health and well-being of the world as helping feed the crops that feed the world. Even fewer have the opportunity to have a second act that can be just as impactful: providing clean energy to help the world decarbonize.
As you will see in the following pages, we are focused on realizing the promise of what CF Industries can offer the world. When we do this, we believe we will create value for all our stakeholders.
Thank you for your interest in CF Industries. We look forward to working with you as we advance our shared commitment to a more sustainable world.
1 EBITDA is defined as net earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense-net, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted. 
EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted with the selected items included in EBITDA.
See “Reporting and Data” in this report for a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted. 
EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
2 Free cash flow is defined as net cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest. See “Reporting and Data” in this report for a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable. 
GAAP measure.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 4 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


This report details CF Industries’ progress and opportunities within key environmental, social, and governance areas from January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. It covers the operations under Company control in North America and the United Kingdom. This report serves as an annual United Nations Global Compact Communication on Progress. It has been written in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (Comprehensive option) and includes a Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index with industry-specific disclosures. This is the fourth time the Company has issued a report disclosing on all GRI Standards, the third time CF Industries has issued a SASB Index and the second time the Company is reporting in line with Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidelines. GRI, SASB, and TCFD Indices are referenced throughout this report, and can be found at its conclusion. Additionally, the indices are available at www.sustainability.cfindustries.com. For financial information on CF Industries, please see our annual report.
About this Report. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 5 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


At CF Industries, our mission is to provide clean energy to feed and fuel the world sustainably. With our employees focused on safe and reliable operations, environmental stewardship, and disciplined capital and corporate management, we are on a path to decarbonize our ammonia production network – the world’s largest – to enable green and blue hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement and other industrial activities. Our nine manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom combine with an unparalleled storage, transportation, and distribution network to enable a global reach that underpins our strategy to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy. For additional information, visit www.cfindustries.com.
About the Company. 
GRI 201-1, GRI 201-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 6 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


AMMONIA’S ROLE IN SOCIETY. 
CF Industries is a leading global manufacturer of hydrogen and nitrogen products for clean energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement, and other industrial applications. CF Industries’ core product is anhydrous ammonia, whose chemical symbol is NH3 and is composed of 82% nitrogen and 18% hydrogen. The Company is the world’s largest producer of ammonia on a gross ammonia basis, with an average annual capacity of 10.5 million tons.
Today, ammonia is primarily used for its nitrogen content as a fertilizer itself or as the basis of upgraded nitrogen fertilizers such as granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate (UAN), and ammonium nitrate (AN). Fertilizer is responsible for 50% of global food production, protecting the world’s food supplies and helping to feed a growing global population. Nitrogen-based fertilizers are particularly important in this endeavor, as plants absorb and utilize nitrogen more than any other element during the development process.
Ammonia and its upgraded products, including diesel exhaust fluid, are also used in industrial processes for emissions reduction as well as in the manufacture of plastics, textiles, dyes, and other chemicals. The Company’s principal customers are agricultural cooperatives, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers, and other industrial end users.
Ammonia has increasingly been identified as a future source of clean energy due to its hydrogen content. Hydrogen has emerged as a leading clean energy source to achieve global greenhouse gas emission reductions and energy stability. Ammonia is expected to contribute to hydrogen’s use as a clean energy source either as a fuel itself because it does not emit carbon when burned, or as a transport and storage medium for its hydrogen content.
Ammonia production relies on the Haber-Bosch process to produce ammonia by synthesizing hydrogen from a fossil fuel feedstock with nitrogen from the air, with CO2 as an inherent byproduct of the process. Natural gas is the principal raw material and primary fuel source used in the ammonia production process at our manufacturing facilities and accounts for approximately 70 percent of the cost to manufacture ammonia.
CF Industries has committed to developing the use of ammonia as a clean energy source by decarbonizing its ammonia production network.
To decarbonize this process, the Company is pursuing both blue ammonia production – ammonia produced conventionally with the CO2 byproduct captured and permanently sequestered – and green ammonia production – ammonia produced with hydrogen derived from zero-carbon sources. Blue ammonia is expected to be more cost effective and widely available sooner than green ammonia, with substantial production available by 2030. Green ammonia development is ongoing, but current technology enables smaller production levels at a significantly higher cost. The Company expects both blue and green ammonia to be an important part of achieving its net zero ambitions and supply growing markets for these products.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 7 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


(1) Other segment products include DEF, urea liquor, nitric acid, aqua ammonia, and NPKs.
2021 2020 2019. 
Sales Volume (tons) Net Sales Sales Volume (tons) Net Sales Sales Volume (tons) Net Sales. 
Products (tons in thousands; dollars in millions)
Ammonia 3,589 $1,787 3,767 $1,020 3,516 $1,113. 
Granular Urea 4,290 1,880 5,148 1,248 4,849 1,342. 
UAN 6,584 1,788 6,843 1,063 6,807 1,270. 
AN 1,720 510 2,216 455 2,109 506. 
Other (1) 2,318 573 2,322 338 2,257 359. 
Total 18,501 $6,538 20,296 $4,124 19,538 $4,590. 
BACKGROUND & HISTORY OF COMPANY. 
CF Industries was founded in 1946 as Central Farmers Fertilizer Company, a fertilizer brokerage, and cooperative business that eventually expanded into manufacturing and distribution of nitrogen, phosphate and potash fertilizers. In August 2005, the Company completed its initial public offering (IPO) of common stock, listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSC). The Company has focused its business on ammonia and nitrogen product manufacturing and distribution since 2014. In 2020, CF Industries announced a major shift in the Company’s strategy, leveraging a comprehensive set of environmental, social and governance goals to support, and accelerate the world’s transition to a clean energy economy.
Our reportable segments are as follows: ammonia, granular urea, UAN, AN and Other. Historically, granular urea, UAN, and ammonia represent the majority of our net sales, as shown in the following table.
We operate advantaged, efficient, and flexible manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, with our North American facilities supported by an extensive storage, transportation, and distribution network. As of December 31, 2021, the Company employed approximately 3,000 people.
We own and operate nine manufacturing facilities, including five in the United States, two in Canada, and two in the United Kingdom. As of December 31, 2021, the average annual production capacity of our facilities represented 10.5 million tons of gross ammonia, 3.7 million tons of net ammonia, 7.3 million tons of UAN, 4.8 million tons of urea, and 2.2 million tons of AN. Additionally, products in our Other segment consist of diesel exhaust fluid, nitric acid, NPK compound fertilizers, and urea liquor. Each of our manufacturing facilities has on-site storage to provide flexibility to manage the flow of outbound shipments without impacting production.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 8 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


“We operate advantaged, efficient, and flexible manufacturing complexes in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, with our North American facilities supported by an extensive storage, transportation, and distribution network. ”
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. 
In 2021, CF Industries reported full year net earnings of $917 million, or $4.24 per diluted share, EBITDA1 of $2.17 billion, and adjusted EBITDA1 of $2.74 billion. Full year net cash from operating activities was $2.87 billion and free cash flow2 was $2.17 billion, both Company records. During 2021, the Company’s performance reflected strong global nitrogen demand, lower global operating rates, and favorable energy spreads between its North American manufacturing base and high-cost nitrogen producers in Europe and Asia.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company’s market capitalization was $15.3 billion based on a weighted average diluted share count of 215.5 million shares. As of the same date, the Company had approximately $3.5 billion in total debt, along with $750 million of availability on its revolving credit facility. During the past three years, CF Industries has returned an average 2.4% dividend yield to shareholders, together with a 16.7% average return on equity. The Company has also authorized a new $1.5 billion share repurchase program beginning on January 1, 2022, following a previous authorization that allowed CF Industries to repurchase approximately 18 million shares since 2019.
OUTLOOK. 
Management expects the global nitrogen supply and demand balance to remain tight for the foreseeable future and for the commercial environment to be highly favorable for producers in low-cost regions.
Global nitrogen inventory entering 2022 is believed to be low following a year of strong demand, and lower production due to the impact of energy-related production curtailments and shutdowns in Europe, record 2021 maintenance activity resulting from COVID19 restrictions in 2020, weather-related disruptions in North America and stagnant production levels in countries such as India. High energy prices in Europe and Asia, along with ongoing restrictions on exports of certain nitrogen products from Russia, Egypt, Turkey, and China, suggest global nitrogen supply will continue to be challenged.
At the same time, management expects global demand for nitrogen to remain robust. The need to replenish global grains stocks continues to support high front month and forward prices for nitrogenconsuming crops. These crop prices support high levels of planting and incentivize fertilizer application. Additionally, increased economic activity continues to drive strong demand for diesel exhaust fluid for emissions abatement as well as ammonia, urea, and nitric acid for industrial uses.
Energy differentials between Europe and Asia compared to low-cost regions remain significant. This has steepened the global nitrogen cost curve and increased margin opportunities for low-cost North American producers. Forward curves suggest that these favorable energy spreads will persist throughout 2022 and into 2023.
CF Industries remains focused on its strategy to leverage its unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy. We expect to continue to progress our clean energy initiatives in 2022 and have committed $385 million in clean energy-related investments through 2025.
This includes a projected $100 million to develop North America’s first commercial scale green ammonia production – ammonia produced using carbonfree sources of hydrogen. Work on the project has commenced at the Company’s Donaldsonville complex with completion expected in 2023.
Additionally, the Company expects to spend $285 million over the next several years to install carbon dioxide dehydration and compression equipment at the Donaldsonville and the Yazoo City complexes. These projects will make possible the permanent sequestration of up to 2.5 million tons of CO2 byproduct from the ammonia production process when complete. This will enable the annual production of approximately 2 million tons of blue ammonia – ammonia produced with the corresponding CO2 byproduct removed through carbon capture and sequestration – which is equivalent to 1.25 million tons of net-zero carbon ammonia.
The Company expects to begin work on the installation of dehydration and compression equipment at Donaldsonville in 2022.
The Company will continue to supply the agricultural community with fertilizers that are essential to maximizing yields for a growing world population. CF Industries-produced fertilizers not only help feed the crops that feed the world, but they also allow more food to be grown on fewer acres, preserving carbon sequestering forests. Over time, the Company expects demand to grow in the agricultural sector for low carbon fertilizers.
1 EBITDA is defined as net earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense-net, income taxes, and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted. 
EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted with the selected items included in EBITDA.
See “Reporting and Data” in this report for a reconciliation of EBITDA and adjusted. 
EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
2 Free cash flow is defined as net cash from operating activities less capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interest. See “Reporting and Data” in this report for a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable. 
GAAP measure.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 9 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


DIMENSIONS & KEY ISSUES. 
As a result of the Company’s materiality assessment, CF Industries has identified four distinct environmental, social, and governance dimensions that are critical to the long-term success of the Company. Our focus on them helps mitigate business risk and support the health and well-being of all our stakeholders.
1. Energy, Emissions & Climate Change (E) 2. Our Workplaces & Communities (S) 3. Food Security & Product Stewardship (E, S) 4. Ethics & Governance (G)
CF Industries’ Approach to ESG & Sustainability. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 10 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


1. Energy, Emissions & Climate Change (E)
CF Industries has established ambitious goals related to decarbonizing the ammonia production process. Our ability to achieve these goals will have a multiplicative effect on stakeholders’ goals for a lower carbon footprint globally as ammonia has the potential to help the world decarbonize economies. It is one of the most efficient ways to transport and store hydrogen while also being a fuel in its own right. As we decarbonize our production process, we believe that the Company is uniquely positioned to fulfill anticipated demand for hydrogen and ammonia in the future, with near-term opportunities to displace emissions in industries associated with marine shipping and coal-fired energy. Longer term, industry experts expect that hydrogen could help to meet approximately 20% of the world’s energy needs by 2050, up from less than 1% today.
2. Our Workplaces & Communities (S)
CF Industries’ top priority is the safety of those who work at or live near our locations. Safety at CF Industries is ingrained in our corporate culture and values, starting with our Do It Right philosophy. This includes equipping our employees with the proper safety knowledge, tools, procedures, and mindset. Our focus on a culture of EHS excellence not only helped us reduce injuries but has promoted the involvement of every employee in identifying and resolving potential hazards and developing innovative solutions to safety challenges.
Additionally, we support the health and well-being of employees through well-paying jobs, strong benefits, career growth and development opportunities, and building a culture of belonging. We also support the communities where we live and work both through financial donations and volunteerism. Our efforts focus on four core pillars that align with the Company’s values and business.
3. Food Security & Product Stewardship (E, S)
Our core products help to maximize crop yields, providing greater productivity to farmers and overall food security for billions of people. Proper nutrient application also leads to healthier soils and cleaner waterways, protecting our natural resources and preserving forests. As one of the largest plant nutrient producers in the world, we are proud of our role in helping to feed the world while also protecting the environment.
4. Ethics & Governance (G)
CF Industries is committed to sound corporate governance practices that enhance the effectiveness of our Board of Directors and management team. Our chairman of the Board is independent, and we regularly review Board composition to ensure we have diverse competencies and skill sets. We also have a robust board refreshment process that has helped the Company significantly broaden the experience and increase the diversity of the Board in recent years.
WE DO IT RIGHT ▷ We put safety first ▷ We are ethical and compliant in our business dealings ▷ We are stewards of the environment ▷ We foster an inclusive culture, treating each other with respect. 
WE DO IT WELL ▷ Our operations are productive and efficient ▷ We are flexible in order to deliver the best solution ▷ We focus on execution and results. 
WE EXECUTE AS A TEAM ▷ We work as a team for the greater good of the company ▷ We lead courageously and actively seek diverse perspectives, experiences, and ideas ▷ Our decisions are made on the basis of the data and analysis. 
WE TAKE A LONG-TERM VIEW ▷ We are an honest and reliable partner ▷ We collaborate and cooperate with all stakeholders ▷ Our goal is outstanding financial performance ▷ We are committed to employees development, building a diverse and inclusive organization for the future. 
Company Core Values. 
ESG Dimensions. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 11 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Our four distinct ESG dimensions are the result of learnings from direct engagement with our shareholders and other key stakeholders. CF Industries believes in fostering open dialogue with all our stakeholders, including investors, employees, and prospective employees, customers, farmers, policymakers, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), suppliers, trade associations and the communities where we operate. We identify relevant stakeholders as those individuals and/or groups that our people, facilities, and products impact significantly. Examples of stakeholder engagement include: ▶ Investor calls/conferences ▶ Customer and supplier meetings/events ▶ Dialogue with local community leaders ▶ Shareholder outreach campaigns ▶ Membership in industry groups and coalitions ▶ Participation in industry events/conferences ▶ Partnerships with NGOs ▶ Engagement with government officials ▶ Employee surveys and town hall meetings. 
We undertake ongoing reviews of our stakeholder engagement. To support part of our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy, we have expanded the group of stakeholders with which we engage on environment, clean energy, and sustainability issues. This includes joining the Hydrogen Council in 2021 and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the Climate Leadership Council in early 2022. During 2021, CF Industries announced a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Mitsui & Co, Inc., a leading global ammonia marketer, whereby both companies will work together to explore the development of blue ammonia projects in the United States alongside marketing opportunities in Japan and other countries. The Company is also participating in a Joint Study Framework established by Itochu Corporation to verify and organize common issues regarding the use of ammonia as a maritime fuel. Alongside these efforts, CF Industries has begun working with US policymakers to advocate for a US carbon price, border adjustment mechanism and broader greenhouse gas emission reduction efforts; policies that facilitate infrastructure, and capital investment into clean energy initiatives through appropriate tax and incentive policies, such as enhancements to the 45Q tax credit for CO2 that is captured and stored in secure geologic formations.
In 2021, CF Industries endorsed the Coalition of Action 4 Soil Health (CA4SH), a United Nations-inspired, multi-stakeholder effort to facilitate widespread adoption of land practices that will work to improve soil health through financial investment and policy actions. CA4SH projects that the Earth’s diminished soils have the potential to absorb 80 to 100 billion metric tons of carbon between 2020 and 2100, helping to limit global warming, enhance food security, and support farmer livelihoods, among many other benefits.
In 2020, we conducted a comprehensive materiality assessment, engaging with stakeholders to identify the key ESG issues for our business. CF Industries also conducted a robust peer group analysis to further aid in the proper identification of material ESG topics. As a result of this process, we identified key issues that drive our actions and overall business strategy, which we have organized around our four distinct ESG dimensions.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 12 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Key Issues 1) GHG Emissions are defined and calculated according to methodologies consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP). The Company discloses Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 emissions, including measuring Scope 1 emissions as direct emissions from sources that are owned or operated by CF Industries, and Scope 2 emissions based on the average emissions intensity of electricity grids where CF Industries’ facilities procure or consume energy.
CF’S IDENTIFIED KEY ISSUES. 
Energy, Emissions & Climate Change. 
Our Workplaces and Communities. 
Food Security and Product Stewardship. 
Ethics and Governance. 
GHG Emissions Inclusion, Diversity & Equity. 
Energy Management Community Relations. 
Air Quality Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals. 
Climate Change Environmental Compliance. 
Water Management Food Security. 
Workforce Health & Safety Product Design for Use-Phase Efficiency. 
Process Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response Ethics. 
Training and Development Management of Legal and Regulatory Environment. 
Scope 3 emissions occur upstream or downstream away from the direct control of the Company, with most of these indirect emissions associated with crop nutrient application/use by farmers.
2) Energy Management is defined as management practices associated with Company-wide energy consumption. We measure total energy consumed by all our facilities, along with percentages associated with grid electricity, renewable energy and self-generated energy. Our energy management program includes governing practices related to our natural gas consumption alongside the consideration of broader energy efficiency projects.
3) Air Quality pertains to the Company’s management practices and measurement of toxic air emissions from our manufacturing and distribution facilities, as defined and governed by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or applicable state agency. Relevant air emissions include PM10, PM2.5, NOX (excluding N2O), SO2, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and NH2.
4) Climate Change involves identifying and planning for physical and transition risks and opportunities associated with longer-term rising temperatures, shifting weather patterns, and the increased frequency and severity of adverse weather events.
5) Water Management is defined as management practices associated with Company-wide water consumption and use. We measure total water withdrawals along with total and net water consumption, including water that we treat and return to its original source, among other metrics.
6) Workforce Health & Safety relates to the Company’s efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce occupational exposure of employees and contract workers to acute or long-term injury or illnesses. We track injury and fatality rates for both direct and contract employees, alongside proactive measures to prevent injuries and implementation of effective occupational health & safety programs.
7) Process Safety and Emergency Preparedness & Response involves ongoing planning and management of hazards associated with highly hazardous chemicals and establishes a comprehensive management program that integrates technologies, procedures, and management practices to ensure the safe operation of our facilities. We maintain “best practice” teams for different operational areas and perform quantitative and qualitative risk analysis to ensure adequate control of process risks. We also implement robust emergency management practices to protect our business and people from disruption related to process releases or events, storm activity, political unrest, cyber threats, pandemics and other emergencies. We provide extensive training for our responders and conduct regular scenario planning and analysis.
8) Training & Development incorporates management of programs delivered to our employees to educate them on the Company’s Code of Conduct; corporate policies; environment, health, safety, and security; inclusion, diversity, and equity; information technology and data security; and professional development. We track average hours of training per year per employee, in addition to other relevant metrics.
9) Inclusion, Diversity & Equity is defined as the Company’s ongoing effort to foster an environment where all CF Industries’ members are treated equitably, enabling them to contribute fully to our business and their own professional and personal development. We maintain anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policies while also tracking the diversity of our workforce and Board of Directors by age, gender, and ethnicity.
Key Issues. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 13 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


14) Product Design for Use-Phase Efficiency centers on the ability of end products to improve energy efficiency, eliminate, or lower greenhouse gas emissions, reduce raw materials consumption, increase product longevity, or reduce water consumption.
15) Ethics pertains to our moral principles that guide our business interactions, management, policies, and overall governance structure.
16) Management of Legal & Regulatory Environment pertains to our corporate policymaking partnerships and positions on government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental or social factors affecting our business and key stakeholders.
We do not prioritize any of our 16 key issues over another, as we believe that each one is critical for the long-term success of our business, and our stakeholders in terms of growth, cost or risk. These key issues have been identified as material by our stakeholders, with an expectation that we will continue to manage these issues. We revisit our key issues for relevance each year.
Our four ESG dimensions and 16 key issues are aligned with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), as shown on page 15.
10) Community Relations are defined as our engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests. We measure negative externalities associated with our operating presence, along with actions and philanthropic donations that can benefit our communities.
11) Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals involves our strategy to manage the negative impact of our products on humans and the environment. We measure the percentage of products that contain Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS) Category 1 and 2 Health and Environmental Hazardous Substances, and the percentage of such products that have undergone a hazard assessment, in addition to other relevant metrics.
12) Environmental Compliance is defined as the Company’s ongoing efforts to adhere to environmental laws, regulations, and standards that govern our operations. We manage environmental metrics and conduct regular audits, while also evaluating suppliers for potential risks related to environmental compliance.
13) Food Security is based on society’s access to a sufficient quantity of affordable food. CF Industries remains committed not only to producing essential soil nutrients but also to supporting food security sustainably via expanded adoption of enhanced conservation practices and nutrient management techniques. We aim to achieve these outcomes largely through partnerships and participation in relevant coalitions.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 14 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Our intensive work to identify four ESG dimensions and 16 key issues that align with the UN SDGs ultimately allowed us to develop a comprehensive set of ESG goals for the Company in 2020. We use these goals to track our progress against each of our key issues, all of which are central to achieving our corporate strategy. Our ESG goals are important to CF Industries, as we know that we cannot make progress against our key issues or broader societal SDGs without specific target-setting and progress measurement.
In the pages that follow, we present a comprehensive list of our ESG Goals, along with an update on our performance against these targets.
DIMENSION KEY ISSUE UN SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS ▷ GHG Emissions ▷ Energy Managment ▷ Air Quality ▷ Climate Change ▷ Water Managment 
▷ Workforce Health & Safety ▷ Inclusion, Diversity & Equity ▷ Community Relations ▷ Process Safety, Emergency Prepardedness & Response ▷ Training & Developement ▷ Food Security ▷ Enviromental Compliance ▷ Safety & Enviromental Stewardship of Chemicals ▷ Products Design for Use-Phase Efficiency ▷ Ethics ▷ Managment of Legal & Regulatory Enviroment. 
Energy, Emissions & Climate Change. 
Our Workplaces & Communities. 
Food Security & Product Stewardship. 
Ethics & Governance. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 15 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


ESG Goals. 
ENERGY, EMISSIONS & CLIMATE CHANGE ▶ During 2021, develop and prioritize a list of viable GHG reduction capital projects ▶ Reduce total CO2 equivalent emissions by 25% per ton of product by 2030 (2015 baseline year) ▶ Reduce Scope 3 emissions by 10% by 2030 (new goal established in 2021) ▶ Achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 ▶ Begin to report and disclose Company data in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework for climaterelated risks and opportunities, in addition to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) ▶ During 2021, identify and evaluate a list of viable water reuse/reduction projects ▶ Develop integrated water resource management plans to ensure sustainable withdrawals and discharges. 
OUR WORKPLACES & COMMUNITIES ▶ At least 95% of the aggregated safety grades of all employees at manufacturing and distribution sites must be a “B” or better (>80%) for the year ▶ Safety critical equipment inspections completed per schedule ▶ Management of changes in current year closed within 90 days of pre-startup review ▶ Increase representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles (director level and above) to at least 30% by end of 2025 ▶ CF Industries is currently at 38% as of 12/31/2021 ▶ Implement a program to create additional pathways to long-term professional growth for traditionally underrepresented employee groups by end of 2021 with the ultimate goal of increasing the hiring and promotion of minority and female candidates ▶ Increase engagement and support with our local communities and expand the corporate giving philosophy to include environmental sustainability, food access, and security, STEM education and first responders within our local communities ▶ Implement a Volunteer Time Off (“VTO”) program by the end of 2021 which provides paid time off for employees to volunteer in their communities with organizations that are part of the Company’s giving campaign. Achieve 25% employee participation in VTO program by the end of 2025. 
FOOD SECURITY & PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP ▶ Reach 90,000 farmers with 4R Plus program by 2023 ▶ Expand partnerships to achieve 60 million acres of farmland using sustainable practices by 2030 ▶ Receive the “Protect & Sustain” certification (or equivalent environmental/product stewardship certification) for 100% of manufacturing sites by 2030. 
ETHICS & GOVERNANCE ▶ Engage suppliers and service providers annually representing 50% of the Company’s total procurement and supply chain expenditures and assess their commitment to and performance in key ESG areas ▶ Annually require 100% of employees to be trained on and certify compliance with the Code of Corporate Conduct ▶ Annually require 100% of employees to be trained on and certify compliance with the Environmental, Health, Safety, and Security Policy ▶ Annually require 100% of employees to be trained on inclusion, diversity, and equity matters ▶ Annually require 100% of employees to be trained on and certify compliance with Anti-corruption Compliance Policy ▶ 2021 executive compensation tied to 1) identifying emission reduction projects, and 2) behavioral and process safety. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 16 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


We are excited about our initial progress on our 2020 goals and continue to believe we can spur positive change for our stakeholders.
We believe we are on track to meet our goal to reduce our network’s CO2 emissions intensity by 25% by 2030, compared to our 2015 baseline year. At the end of 2021, our CO2 emissions intensity was 14% lower than our 2015 base year. The development and prioritization of viable Scope 1 reduction projects in 2021 and commitments to investments that will enable green and blue ammonia production have given us a roadmap to achieve the emissions intensity goal. Additionally, CF Industries is now disclosing Scope 3 emissions and has established an initial Scope 3 target reduction.
In 2021, we reached our goal of increasing the representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles to at least 30% by 2025. We have decided to keep this as a goal to ensure that we maintain the progress we have achieved so far, and we continue to initiate programs related to professional development for minority and female candidates. In addition, we have already exceeded our goal of reaching 90,000 farmers with our 4R Plus program and continue to pursue the rigorous “Protect & Sustain” certification for all our manufacturing sites by 2030. Finally, we continue to execute against our annual requirements on employee training and have begun to engage suppliers on their ESG performance.
We are broadening our focus on select 2020 ESG goals, based on earlier than expected achievement of these targets and a resulting desire to expand our impact elsewhere. For instance, within our Food Security and Product Stewardship dimension, we have reallocated a portion of nutrient stewardship engagement funds to work with our industry peers and the International Fertilizer Association (IFA) to bolster the pace, scale and understanding of nutrient stewardship practices globally, while remaining committed to sustainable agriculture practices in North America through our ongoing work with 4R Plus and 4R industry efforts.
We continue to commit ourselves to stringent water management practices, as water is a critical resource for the Company, our stakeholders, and the planet. As a result, we are moving beyond our specific ESG goals related to water in our Energy, Emissions and Climate Change dimension. As we have reviewed our goals pertaining to water efficiency and overall management, we believe that CF Industries is already optimizing most metrics set against this important natural resource. We reuse water an average of 29 times in our operations, with over 75% of our surface water withdrawals returned to their original source after treatment.
Additionally, CF Industries does not withdraw or discharge water in areas of water stress, as referenced by the World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. Going forward, our plan is to incorporate our existing water management, stewardship, and technical expertise into partnerships where we can help other stakeholders reduce their impact on water resources.
Other ESG goal-related initiatives of interest include: ▶ Scope 3 Emissions Target and Goal: During 2021, we measured our Scope 3 emissions for the first time, which were 61.4 million tCO2e in 2020, subsequently setting a goal to reduce this amount by 10% by 2030 while also affirming our intention to improve the accuracy of our Scope 3 estimates and update our targets over time. For 2021, we estimated our Scope 3 emissions at 53 million tCO2e for 2021, a decline relative to 2020 due to lower fertilizer production in 2021 compared to the year before and thus lower application of fertilizer by end-users. Our agricultural-related application of nitrogen fertilizers is responsible for roughly 89% of our Scope 3 emissions base, with other major categories being supply of fuels and energy (9.2%), and transport (upstream and downstream) (1.9%). We have expanded our partnerships to improve our understanding and impact on these Scope 3 emissions, including through improving nutrient application and stewardship. Other efforts we are taking to reach our Scope 3 target for 2030 include engaging upstream suppliers to support and advance industry action to reduce methane emissions and working with the industry to identify, and promote improved nutrient stewardship activities that will reduce on farm emissions.
▶ Enhanced Climate Reporting and Scenario Analysis: We are currently working to align our carbon reduction goals with science-based targets by partnering with the WBCSD, IFA and industry peers to support the development of a Sectoral Decarbonization Approach (SDA) for the nitrogen fertilizer sector. An SDA is one of the three methods for setting a science-based target consistent with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We have also begun the process of conducting climate scenario analysis based on technical guidance from the TCFD.
GRI 305-4. 
TCFD Strategy C. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 17 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


▶ Supplier Screening: During 2021, CF Industries bolstered its supplier screening efforts by requesting that the top 50% of our suppliers share information about their ESG practices and approach via survey responses to EcoVadis, a business sustainability rating company. We have also updated our supply chain management software to better manage suppliers and their performance. These efforts build on existing efforts already in place to improve safety and eliminate corruption and fraud within the supply base.
▶ Nutrient Stewardship Coalitions: In addition to joining the CA4SH, we are part of a group within IFA that is leading an initiative to develop a roadmap to reduce farm emissions. We have also begun work with the WBCSD on the Scaling Positive Agriculture (SPA) project, which will develop a SDA across the agricultural value chain. We believe that these initiatives will help to increase the scale and pace of improved nutrient stewardship practices, enabling CF Industries to reduce its own indirect environmental impacts while also contributing to global sustainable development needs.
▶ Inclusion Resource Group (IRG): During 2021, we established our first Inclusion Resource Group (IRG), an employee-led forum for all employees to get involved and help create a workplace where we all feel included. The IRG program will be built into our new hire process, and we are excited about the potential outcomes of this program. We also conduct periodic company-wide employee engagement surveys and hope to use learnings from both efforts to further enhance the employee experience at CF Industries.
The past few years have been challenging globally, emphasizing the importance of companies’ ability to adapt. CF Industries is meeting that challenge, working hard to adapt to changing work and physical environments to proactively protect our stakeholders and overall financial health. Climate change presents physical and transition risks for our assets and people; societal shifts have changed how people work, interact, and communicate with one another. All these changes present an opportunity for CF Industries to mitigate risk and continue to grow to meet the needs of a new environment.
In the sections ahead, we provide a deep-dive review of each of our four ESG dimensions, including additional context on our key issues, progress updates on related ESG goals, and detailed supporting initiatives now in place to bolster our corporate impact in the years ahead.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 18 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Energy, Emissions & Climate Change. 
KEY ISSUES ▶ GHG Emissions ▶ Energy Management ▶ Air Quality ▶ Climate Change ▶ Water Management. 
UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all. 
Water plays an essential role in our production processes, and we are responsible for using it appropriately. More than 75% of our surface water/river intake withdrawals are returned to their source after ensuring they meet local water quality limits. We also use each gallon of extracted water an average of 29 times in our operations and do not operate in water-stressed areas. The availability of water is also critical for our transition to green ammonia.
Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all. 
Improving the world’s energy mix towards cleaner options is important to CF Industries. Ammonia’s ability to enable the transport and storage of hydrogen for clean energy purposes and to serve as a clean burning fuel in its own right is at the heart of the Company’s strategy, representing a new opportunity for our business and our stakeholders. We are transforming our ammonia production and distribution assets into a meaningful supply base of decarbonized blue and green ammonia, and thus hydrogen, helping the world reduce emissions and decarbonize its energy base.
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation. 
Fostering sustainable development aligns with our opportunity and desire to transition our network of assets to clean energy production. We believe we can play a meaningful role in decarbonizing the world’s energy sector.
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. 
As an industrial processor of raw materials into products that help feed and fuel society, we are actively engaging with policymakers, suppliers, customers, farmers, and other stakeholders on best practices and new technologies related to responsible use of our products and production of raw materials.
Target urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. 
We understand and acknowledge the risks associated with climate change. To that end, we are working to decarbonize the world’s largest ammonia production network while also working beyond our operations to support lower emissions from industrial activities, the transition to the clean energy economy and the reduction of GHG emissions associated with the use of nitrogen fertilizers. We are also working with policymakers to advance policies that bolster investment in decarbonization and clean energy.
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas, and marine resources for sustainable development. 
CF Industries has an inherent responsibility to help mitigate any negative impact from the downstream effects of our products. Specifically, we are working to ensure the proper use of our products in agricultural production, which can help limit nutrient runoff into water bodies.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
We know that we must incorporate an ESG mindset into all our actions, and we are eager to engage and partner with private, public, and civil sector participants to support the UN SDGs.
GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 19 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


CF Industries believes that it is critical to continue to account for the risks and opportunities stemming from climate change to ensure that our business, our planet, and the communities where we operate can thrive. Given our scale and leadership in our industry, we expect to play an important role in decarbonizing the ammonia production process globally and supporting the world’s transition to a clean energy economy.
We are exposed to transition risks stemming from regulatory restrictions on emissions and changes in demand. We are also exposed to physical risk that affects our facilities, shipping, and distribution routes and the land of the farmers who rely on our products. Our approach to managing climate risks and GHG emissions helps to mitigate potential disruptions to our operations, maintains our industry leadership position and helps to develop new sources of clean energy for decarbonizing industries, thus increasing the resiliency of our business for the future.
The Energy, Emissions & Climate Change dimension focuses on efforts across our entire value chain to reduce our emissions, improve air quality, change our energy usage mix, responsibly use water, and mitigate the risks of climate change. In addition to air quality regulatory compliance and the reduction of GHG emissions, we are working to improve the management of water within our operations as well as improve water quality related to our products’ end use.
We have made substantial progress toward our goal of reporting in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), in addition to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Using these reporting frameworks provides our Board of Directors and management team with a more holistic view of the risks and opportunities affecting our business, which informs our strategy, promotes business resilience, and enhances our focus on continuous improvement. Additional disclosures aligned with these three frameworks can be found at the end of this report.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 20 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


GHG Emissions, Energy Management & Climate Change. 
HOW EMISSIONS ARE PRODUCED DURING AMMONIA PRODUCTION. 
The Haber-Bosch process that enables the production of ammonia is one of the transformative innovations of the twentieth century. Billions of lives have been made possible and improved because ammonia and nitrogen fertilizers increase crop yields significantly so that the world can feed a growing population while using less land, preserving carbon-sequestering forests. These fertilizers are responsible for 50% of the world’s food supply. At the same time, Haber-Bosch is an energy-intensive process that results in carbon emissions when using fossil fuels as a feedstock.
WHAT WE’RE DOING TO MAXIMIZE EFFICIENCY AND REDUCE EMISSIONS INTENSITY. 
Today, we are maximizing efficiency and reducing emissions intensity (emissions per metric ton of ammonia produced) in the following ways: ▶ Choice of feedstock: The two most common hydrogen feedstocks for ammonia production are natural gas and coal. All CF Industries facilities use natural gas, which results in one-third the carbon emissions compared to the use of coal.
▶ Investing in our manufacturing network: CF Industries continually invests in our locations to improve safety, energy efficiency, and reliability. Over the past 10 years, we have invested approximately $10 billion in our facilities to enhance safety, improve efficiency, and add state-of-theart manufacturing technologies. As a result, CF Industries operates some of the most energyefficient ammonia and nitrogen fertilizer plants in the world.
▶ High-efficiency operations: Emissions are closely related to our energy use, which is largely a function of our production volumes. Our capacity utilization is among the highest in our industry and has, over the last five years, been 14 percentage points better than our peers in North America. This allows us to produce more product tons for the same energy inputs.
CF Industries committed to decarbonize our ammonia production network and established a goal to reduce total CO2e emissions intensity by 25% per ton of product by 2030 (2015 baseline). Our management approach has allowed us to achieve a 14% reduction in emissions intensity through 2021 compared to the baseline. Longer-term, our goal is to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050.
During 2021, we measured our Scope 3 emissions for the first time, which were 61.4 million tCO2e in 2020, subsequently setting a goal to reduce this amount by 10% by 2030 while also affirming our intention to improve the accuracy of our Scope 3 estimates and update our targets over time. For 2021, we estimated our Scope 3 emissions at 53 million tCO2e for 2021.
2021 ▶ Scope 1 total: 16,644,007 tonnes CO2e ▷ CO2e intensity: 1.96 te CO2 / te NH3 ▶ Scope 2 total: 688,228 tonnes CO2e ▶ Scope 3 total: 53,370,000 tonnes CO2e 2015 (BASELINE) ▶ CO2e intensity: 2.28 te CO2 / te NH3 *Note that data is in tonnes (metric tons)
EMISSIONS REDUCTION PROJECTS. 
As part of our comprehensive environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals, we developed a list of viable GHG Scope 1 emissions reduction capital projects in 2021.
To develop this list, each manufacturing and distribution location set out to identify ideas for potential GHG reduction projects. These projects were then vetted to gauge feasibility across all our manufacturing facilities.
At a high level, the final list of projects can be placed into four categories: 1. N2O abatement on our nitric acid plants 2. Process CO2 capture and recovery 3. Capturing or absorbing flue gas 4. Additional energy efficiency projects. 
The identified projects will provide a roadmap to achieving our emissions intensity target in the near-term and our net zero carbon emissions target by 2050 over the longer-term.
TCFD Strategy A/B. 
TCFD Strategy A/B. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 21 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


+ O. 
O O. 
O
O. 
H2 H2O. 
H2. 
H2. 
H2 H2. 
H2. 
H2. 
H2. 
H2. 
O
O. 
O
O. 
O
How does an electrolyzer work to produce green ammonia? ▶ An electrolyzer consists of an anode and a cathode separated by an electrolyte ▶ Renewable electricity (where available) is used to split water into hydrogen and oxygen, forming gaseous hydrogen ▶ This carbon-free hydrogen is fed into an existing plant to produce green ammonia. 
Renewable energy: Today, approximately onequarter of the electricity we purchase is from renewable sources, which is more than will be required to produce 20,000 tons of green ammonia per year from our initial green ammonia project. We expect the availablity of electricity from renewable sources to increase dramatically over the coming decade, further supporting our focus on green ammonia production.
Opportunities for Near-Term Progress. 
CF Industries expects to make substantial progress in the years ahead on our near-term goal to reduce total CO2e emissions intensity by 25% per ton of product by 2030 (2015 baseline) through three Board-approved initiatives. These projects are focused on both green ammonia and blue ammonia production.
CF produces ammonia using the HaberBosch process, which combines nitrogen from the air with hydrogen.
Conventional ammonia is ammonia produced using natural gas as the source of hydrogen. Carbon dioxide emissions are a natural byproduct of this chemical process.
Blue ammonia relates to ammonia with CO2 removed through carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) and other certified carbon abatement projects.
Green ammonia refers to ammonia produced using hydrogen from carbon-free sources.
INVESTING IN GREEN AMMONIA PRODUCTION. 
Construction of CF Industries’ green ammonia project at our Donaldsonville Complex began in the fourth quarter of 2021. The Company will install a state-of-the-art electrolysis system at Donaldsonville to generate carbon-free hydrogen from water that will then be supplied to an existing ammonia plant to produce green ammonia. Once complete in 2023, the project will enable the Company to produce approximately 20,000 tons per year of green ammonia.
Once produced, green ammonia and conventional ammonia are chemically identical. This will allow us to use our existing ammonia transportation and logistics networks to supply green ammonia to decarbonizing industries.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 22 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


▶ CF Industries in the largest and most efficient ammonia producer in the world ▶ Access to low-cost US natural gas ▶ Facilities located near carbon sequestration regions ▶ Extensive logistics and distribution capability enable global reach ▶ Product shipped via: ▷ Deepwater vessel ▷ Barge (river and ocean) ▷ Unit train ▷ Pipeline ▷ Truck. 
INVESTING IN BLUE AMMONIA PRODUCTION. 
The Company’s Board of Directors has authorized projects within our existing network that will enable the permanent sequestration of up to 2.5 million tons of carbon emissions each year – equivalent to removing the GHG emissions of nearly 500,000 cars annually – and the annual production of approximately 2 million tons of blue ammonia, which is equivalent to 1.25 million tons of net-zero carbon ammonia.
The blue ammonia produced from these approved projects will use carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) technology.
CCS requires a three-step process: 1. Process CO2 is captured and removed from synthesis gas during ammonia production. CF Industries already has this capability installed across our production network.
2. Captured CO2 is purified, compressed, and transported (usually via pipelines) to permitted injection wells.
3. CO2 is injected into deep underground rock formations. Ideal formations are more than one mile beneath the surface and consist of porous rock.
The approved projects will focus on purifying and compressing (step 2) captured CO2 to enable transportation to sequestration sites. We will construct units at the Donaldsonville and Yazoo City complexes that dehydrate and compress CO2, a process essential for CO2 transport via pipeline to sequestration sites. Management expects that, once the units are in service and sequestration is initiated, the Company could sequester up to 2.5 million tons of CO2 per year (2 million tons at Donaldsonville and 500,000 tons at Yazoo City). The Company is currently in advanced discussions with several parties regarding transportation and sequestration of CO2 from these projects.
The Company has committed $285 million in capital to the Donaldsonville and Yazoo City projects. Under current regulations, the projects would be expected to qualify for tax credits under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code, which provides a credit per metric ton of CO2 sequestered.
Because we have access to potential CCS sites at seven of our nine manufacturing sites, we would expect to pursue additional blue ammonia projects within our network over time. We project that our network can produce approximately 3.5 million tons of blue ammonia per year without affecting our current ability to supply nitrogen fertilizers given that products such as urea require CO2 to be produced.
We also will enable the production of blue ammonia through certified carbon abatement projects that fully eliminate carbon emissions. These projects will generate certified carbon credits that we can use to offset carbon emissions from conventional ammonia production or sell to other market participants looking for carbon offsets.
Additionally, we are beginning to analyze the potential use of blue ammonia to drive value chain decarbonization across multiple sectors, globally, as demonstrated in our collaborations with industry leaders such as Mitsui and Itochu.
CF Industries. 
Leveraging expertise to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy ▶ Exploring jointly with Mitsui the development of blue ammonia projects ▶ Constructing CO2 dehydration and compression units at Donaldsonville & Yazoo City ▶ 2.5 milllion tons of CO2 could be sequestered annually once units are in service ▶ Up to 1.25 million tons blue ammonia to be produced annually starting in 2024 ▶ Projects expect to quality for Section 45Q tax credits ▶ 20 megwatt (MW) alkaline water electrolysis plant to be built at Donaldsonville ▶ Plant will produce green hydrogen used for green ammonia production ▶ Construction/installation began in 4Q 2021 and is expected to finish in 2023 ▶ Project will be largest of its kind in North America. 
Blue Ammonia. 
Green Ammonia $385 million committed to clean energy investments through 2025. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 23 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Air Quality, & Environmental Compliance. 
We maintain compliance with our regulatory permits and manage site emissions through regular maintenance, work practice standards and various emission control technologies, such as scrubber systems and selective catalytic reduction systems for NOX abatement.
In addition to regulatory compliance, our products are widely used to significantly reduce emissions from other industrial activities and are used by a variety of industries with selective catalytic reduction technology for emissions abatement. For example, ammonia is used in power plants to control nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions. Moreover, we are the world’s largest producer of diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), which is used by diesel truck fleets to reduce NOx emissions by up to 95%.
N0x (Nitrogen oxides), SOX(sulfur oxides) and Other Emissions (in Tonnes) 2021 2020 2019. 
Particular Matter 1,454 1,649 1,632. 
NOx (Nitrogen oxides) 10,462 10,762 9,984. 
SOx 29 28 29. 
VOCs (volatile organic compounds) 737 744 882. 
NH3 8,162 8,777 10,384. 
GRI 305-7, SASB RT-CH-120a.1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 24 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Water Management. 
As responsible operators, we continually focus on the sustainable management of water across all of our manufacturing sites.
Our approach to sustainable management of water is focused on two areas: 1. Sourcing, use, and discharge within our operations; and 2. Water quality-related improvements pertaining to the end use of our products.
These areas are captured in our integrated water resource management plans.
OPERATIONAL WATER MANAGEMENT. 
In our operations, we use water to generate steam, cool equipment, and as an additive in products like aqua ammonia and DEF. We actively monitor our water withdrawls, use, and discharge with an operational water management approach that includes: ▶ Responsibly sourcing water: We do not withdraw from or discharge water into water-stressed areas, based upon cross-referencing our facility locations against the World Resources Institute “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.” ▶ Minimizing the water we extract: Despite the importance of water to our operations, we estimate that CF Industries accounts for just 0.015% of total water use in the US, which compares favorably to irrigation and thermoelectric power users, who account for 37% and 41% of US water use, respectively. Additionally, we use the water we withdraw as efficiently as possible. Each gallon of water we extract is reused an average of 29 times in our operations. We also engage with local water utilities to understand ways we can further improve water efficiency. We actively monitor our water withdrawals, use and discharge.
▶ Returning clean water to its source: Due to the nature of our water usage, almost all the water we withdraw is returned to the local water cycle naturally through evaporation. The remaining water that does not evaporate is returned to its source after treatment to ensure it meets the local water discharge limits. Our discharges are often in better condition than when the water was initially withdrawn.
In 2021, as part of our comprehensive ESG goals, we developed a list of viable water reuse/reduction projects within these three water actions: sourcing, withdrawal, and discharge. Development of the list followed a similar approach to our GHG emission reduction projects, as ideas were first generated at the site level before being consolidated, and analyzed at the corporate level. This list will help guide our water management efforts going forward.
Source: NASA. 
Source: NASA. 
GRI 303-3, 303-4, 303-5, SASB RT-CH-140a.1, RT-CH-140a.3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 25 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas - North American Production Facilities Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas - United Kingdom Production Facilities. 
Overall Water Risk. 
Low (0 - 1)
Low - Medium (1 - 2)
Medium - High (2 - 3)
High (3 - 4)
Extremely High (4 - 5)
Legend. 
Plant Location. 
Intake Water Source. 
Discharge Water Source. 
Water Stress Level. 
Medicine Hat, Canada. 
South Saskatchewan River. 
South Saskatchewan River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Courtright, Canada. 
St. Clair River. 
St. Clair River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Billingham, United Kingdom. 
Northumbrian River. 
North Tees. 
Low - Medium (1 - 2)
Ince, United Kingdom. 
United Utilities. 
Manchester Ship Canal. 
Low (0 - 1)
Verdigris, OK. 
Spavinaw Lake/Tulsa City Lake. 
Verdigris River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Donaldsonville, LA. 
Mississippi River. 
Mississippi River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Woodward, OK. 
Woodward City Water. 
North Canadian River. 
Low - Medium (1 - 2)
Yazoo City, MS. 
Well Intake. 
Yazoo River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Port Neal, IA. 
Missouri River. 
Missouri River. 
Low (0 - 1)
Source: World Resources Institute, Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 26 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


IMPROVING WATER QUALITY RELATED TO OUR PRODUCTS’ END USE. 
We are committed to supporting efforts that raise awareness and increase adoption among farmers of proper nutrient stewardship practices—including the “4Rs” of nutrient application: applying the right nutrient source at the right rate, right time, and right place—so that vital crop nutrients stay on farmland and out of adjacent water bodies.
We partner with a wide range of stakeholders in the agriculture community to advance proper nutrient stewardship through various coalitions and initiatives, including the fertilizer industry’s 4R Nutrient Stewardship program that is coordinated by The Fertilizer Institute. We also partner with The Nature Conservancy and 60 other stakeholders to advance nutrient stewardship in Iowa through the 4R Plus program. See the Food Security & Product Stewardship section for more information.
30000 0 60000 90000 120000 150000. 
Water Withdraw. 
Water Discharge. 
Water Consumption. 
Megaliters 138,134 142,719 143,545 2021 2020 2019 79,028 83,098 83,124 2021 2020 2019 59,103 59,621 60,420 2021 2020 2019. 
Source: CF Industries. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 27 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT. 
Ethics & Governance


Our Workplaces & Communities. 
KEY ISSUES ▶ Workforce Health & Safety ▶ Inclusion, Diversity & Equity ▶ Community Relations ▶ Process Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response ▶ Training & Development. 
UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
End poverty in all its forms everywhere. 
CF Industries’ products play a direct role in ending poverty, which is closely tied to food insecurity. Our products generate increased yields, which increases availability of food around the world.
End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Realizing zero hunger directly aligns with CF Industries’ moral values, mission, and overall business strategy. Working with farmers for reliable and proper application of our products, CF Industries emphasizes food security at the heart of our business. Our nitrogen fertilizer products strengthen crop yields to continue to increase global food supplies.
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls. 
We support gender equality for women and maintain a diversity of thought and opinion as part of our strategic roadmap. We have exceeded our goal to increase representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles by 2025, and we continue to implement programs that create additional pathways to long-term professional growth through the hiring and promotion of female and underrepresented candidates.
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all. 
We realize that we must continue to build a resilient and adaptive enterprise, in part by continuously updating the skillset of our people.
Reduce inequality within and among countries. 
Reducing inequality is important to CF Industries’ desire to maintain a diversity of thought and opinion as part of our strategic roadmap. We have exceeded our goal of at least 30% representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles by 2025, and we continue to implement programs that create additional pathways to long-term professional growth through the hiring and promotion of traditionally underrepresented employee groups and female candidates.
GRI 103-1, 103-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 28 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
Target urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. 
We understand and acknowledge the risks associated with climate change. To that end, we are working to decarbonize the world’s largest ammonia production network while also working beyond our operations to support lower emissions from industrial activities, the transition to the clean energy economy and the reduction of GHG emissions associated with the use of nitrogen fertilizers. We are also working with policymakers to advance policies that bolster investment in decarbonization and clean energy. We believe we can help decarbonize the world’s energy sector while also making food production more resilient. As a result, our actions can help protect our communities and people.
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas, and marine resources for sustainable development. 
CF Industries has an inherent responsibility to help mitigate any negative impact from the downstream effects of our products. Specifically, we are working to ensure the proper use of our products in agricultural production, which can help limit nutrient runoff into water bodies.
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat deforestation, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss. 
Most of our products are used in farming applications to produce higher yields, allowing more food to be grown on less land and reducing the need to convert forests to farmland. Therefore, we have a vested interest in protecting terrestrial ecosystems, and we acknowledge the critical importance of biodiversity to broader life systems.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
We know that we must incorporate an environmental, social and governance (ESG) mindset into all our actions, and we are eager to engage, and partner with private, public, and civil sector participants to support the UN SDGs.
Respecting, supporting and developing our employees, and local communities is central to the core values of CF Industries. With approximately 3,000 employees across North America and the U.K. that operate in more than 30 communities, we operate in a large ecosystem impacted by our overall business activities.
In this section, we will discuss the two main themes within Our Workplaces & Communities dimension.
▶ Themes within Our Workplaces include proper training and processes to ensure health & safety; training and development that put our employees on a path for success; and inclusion, diversity and equity initiatives that create a workplace where every employee can speak up, develop, and thrive.
▶ Themes related to Our Communities include education, and training programs that introduce local talent to our Company, philanthropy that aligns with our four ESG dimensions and safety procedures that ensure business operations do not put individuals or the community at risk.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 29 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Workforce Health & Safety Process Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response. 
CULTURE OF ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY EXCELLENCE. 
The safety of CF Industries’ employees and those who live near our locations is our top priority. Safety at CF Industries starts with our Do It Right philosophy, which includes equipping our employees with the proper safety knowledge, tools and procedures, and a culture that encourages employees to act with safety in mind every time they come to work. This priority is documented in Our Values, Code of Corporate Conduct, and EHS Policy.
At CF Industries, safety is ingrained in our corporate culture and values, and we prioritize continually improving our processes whenever possible. We hold all 3,000 of our employees — from the corporate office to our manufacturing and distribution facilities — accountable for collectively conducting our business in a safe manner. We empower all employees to promote a culture of environment, health and safety excellence where everyone is engaged, empowered, and innovative. This empowerment cultivates a workplace that promotes the safety and health of our employees, contractors, customers, and partners, as well as the communities where we operate. Many of the safety measures we have implemented, for example, were developed by employees rather than directives from management.
PRACTICES Ability to Do It Right. 
CULTURE Do It Right Every Time. 
SYSTEMS Knowing What’s Right. 
CONTINUOUS INNOVATION. 
Do It Right!
Our employees’ commitment to Do It Right was evident throughout 2021. In a year when we recorded our highest level of maintenance activity ever, our team achieved a year-end recordable incident rate of 0.32 incidents per 200,000 work hours, significantly better than industry averages.
GRI 403-4, 403-5, 403-9, SASB RT-CH-320a.1, RT-CH-320a.2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 30 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Key Safety Metrics 2.28 5 0 10 15 20. 
Total Recordable Injuries 2020 2021 2019. 
Total/ 200,000 Hours. 
DART Incident Rate 0
2020 2019 0.21 0.03 0.25 0.5 0.75 1 0 0.25 0.5 0.75 1 0 0.25 0.5 0.75 1. 
Total/ 200,000 Hours. 
Recordable Incident Rate. 
Lost Time Incident Rate 0.0. 
Total/ 200,000 Hours 2019 2020 14 4
9 2021 0.21 2021 0.32 2021 0.11 2019 0.48 0.17 2020 0.14. 
Source: CF Industries. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 31 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


EHS GOVERNANCE. 
EHS is a crucial part of CF’s operations. We outline environment, health, and safety expectations in our EHS Policy and EHS Management Manual and emphasize its importance at all levels of the Company. Our Vice President, Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality, reports to the Senior Vice President of Manufacturing and Distribution, who provides briefings to our CEO as well as the CF Industries Board of Directors at every meeting.
An EHS Steering Committee, comprised of the EHS Managers of our locations, sets specific Company EHS Standards and ensures business alignment, promoting shared practices and improving our EHS systems. Our EHS Councils create internal networking opportunities to share best practices and lessons learned and to review incident/near-miss data trends to identify improvement opportunities.
Our EHS management system engages people at every level of our organization, with the importance of EHS coming from the top of the Company and refined through constant communication with employees. This system starts with the establishment of corporate expectations and includes extensive competency training to equip our people with the skills necessary to perform their roles safely.
We conduct internal as well as third-party audits, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) and Protect & Sustain by the International Fertilizer Association (IFA). Our internal audit program is risk-based and looks at regulatory requirements as well as conformance to internal standards, facilitating best practices across all CF Industries operations.
We measure and monitor our performance by using metrics that look at performance, process and engagement. Every two weeks, our location leaders meet to specifically discuss EHS performance, challenges and issues. Local teams regularly share suggestions and approaches to improve safety on these calls. When an EHS incident occurs, we investigate root causes and define a new standard procedure that we then roll out across all plants.
Through our 2020 employee engagement survey, we have also begun to expand the scope of our employee health and safety programs to now include mental health, fatigue, and other human factors. For a list of the policies and management of our workplace healthy and safety, please view our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosures at the end of this report.
During 2021, we tied the compensation of our executives to process safety as well as behavioral safety. See the Ethics & Governance section for more information. We have established three annual goals to strengthen and improve our commitment to safety excellence. We accomplished all three throughout 2021. These goals focused on proactive safety measures, behavioral safety practices, safety critical inspections, and managing change: ▶ Have at least 95% of the aggregated behavioral safety grades of all employees at manufacturing and distribution sites be at 80% (“B”) or better for the year ▶ Completing safety critical equipment inspections on schedule ▶ Ensuring management of changes in current year were closed within 90 days of pre-startup safety review. 
EHS Org Chart. 
CF Board of Directors. 
Detailed EHS review at every meeting and regular monthly updates. 
Chief Executive Officer. 
Senior Vice President of Manufacturing and Distribution. 
Vice President, Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality. 
EHS Steering Committee “Do It Right” Employee Culture. 
Internal EHS Councils. 
Develop environmental, occupational safety, process safety, security and emergency services strategies and best practices. 
Internal EHS Audit Conduct audits, and facilitate best practices. 
GRI 102-19, 102-20, 103-1, 103-2, 103-3, 403-1, 403-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 32 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Our Stategy & Actions Our long-term Inclusion, Diversity and Equity strategy focuses on working concurrently across three key areas - Representation, Education & Skill Development, and Belonging.
Inclusion, Diversity & Equity. 
CF Industries is committed to inclusion, diversity and equity (ID&E) because it’s the right thing to do and it is aligned with the priority we place on safety at work. We not only want to safeguard each person’s physical well-being every day, but also their personal well-being – helping each other feel welcomed, valued and inspired to do our best work.
Our ID&E strategy has three focus areas: ▶ Representation: Increasing representation of women, and underrepresented groups at all levels: ▷ We are building a diverse pipeline through broader talent sourcing strategies that includes Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) organizations, a new careers website to better reflect ID&E goals, and partnerships with high schools, technical schools, and colleges in our communities.
▷ We review talent practices and workforce data to help ensure pay among females and underrepresented groups is fair and equitable.
▶ Education & skill development: Enhancing organizational understanding and skillsets related to inclusion, diversity and equity.
▷ 100% of all employees have completed Disrupting Everyday Bias online training.
▷ We launched LinkedIn Learning for all employees, identifying inclusive leadership training for all levels and creating interactive roadmaps for new employees in their first 90 days, outlining key learning and activities tailored to their employee level, location, or function.
▶ Belonging: Strengthening belonging and our inclusive culture internally as well as in our communities.
▷ In July 2021, we established the Inclusion Council (IC), a committee of diverse leaders empowered to be the change agents, allyship leaders, and champions of inclusion, diversity, and equity.
▷ We also launched the Inclusion Resource Group (IRG), an active, employee-led forum for all employees to engage in inclusion, diversity, and equity through career development, community involvement, cultural awareness, and meaningful connection with colleagues. The IRG currently has two executive sponsors, 19 cross-functional leaders, and over 300 employee members enrolled.
EDUCATION & SKILL DEVELOPMENT. 
Enhance organizational understanding and skillsets related to inclusion and diversity. 
BELONGING. 
Strengthen belonging and our inclusive culture internally and in our communities. 
REPRESENTATION Increase representation of women and underrepresented groups at all levels. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 33 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Two of our ESG goals are related to ID&E. The first is to increase representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles (director level and above) to 30% by 2025. The second is to implement a program to create additional pathways to long-term professional growth for traditionally underrepresented employee groups by the end of 2021, in order to increase the hiring and promotion of minority and female candidates.
As of December 2021, 38% of individuals in senior leadership roles (director level and above) were females and persons of color, which is above our 2025 target. We continue to focus on this area to ensure these improvements are sustained and built upon in the coming years.
In March 2021, we joined 80+ other companies in committing to the Multiple Pathways Initiative sponsored by the Business Roundtable. This initiative emphasizes skills for recruiting and talent development, above and beyond simple credentials, creating career pathways for traditionally underrepresented employee groups. For example, in 2021, we identified Enterprise Support Specialist, Field Safety Specialist and Lab/QC Technician as jobs that are based on skills and do not require a college degree. CF Industries currently offers over 45% of its workforce skill-based career pathway opportunities that pay on average $127,000 per year for a fully qualified operator. That percentage will increase with the inclusion of the three additional skill-based roles in 2022.
Our inaugural ID&E report has comprehensive information regarding all relevant initiatives, in addition to highlights discussed in this report. We maintain accountability for these values through our third-party operated 24/7 Compliance Helpline and numerous other resources that employees can contact regarding any violations, concerns, or advice.
ID&E Progress. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 34 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Community Relations. 
CF Industries believes in supporting the communities where we live and work, both through financial donations and donations of personal time, along with employing a highly local giving strategy aligned with our business strategy.
Our giving strategy is highly local and focused on four core pillars that align with the Company’s values and business.
▶ Environmental Sustainability: Protecting and caring for the lands and natural resources that feed, and fuel our communities.
▶ Healthy Food Access: Improving access to nutritious, affordable foods that members of all communities – including low-income communities and communities of color – need to grow and thrive.
▶ STEM Education and Awareness: Helping people of all backgrounds, genders and races access education and career development in the areas that will support sustainability efforts and our clean energy future.
▶ Local Community Advancement: Making a difference in local communities where CF Industries employees live and work while addressing the needs of marginalized cultural groups and supporting first responders.
We also strive to support our communities by supporting our employees’ ability to volunteer their time in support of causes they believe in. In April 2021, we established our Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program, taking the first step towards our goal of 25% employee participation in the VTO program by the end of 2025. We remain committed to fostering engagement among our employees and supporting our communities through this program.
Training and Development. 
CF Industries believes that a learning culture that enables continuous growth and development is as important to our future as making capital improvements to our manufacturing plants. We offer many training opportunities, including job competency, compliance, information technology and data security, and environment, health & safety. On average, our employees receive 30 hours of training per year.
We have created a CF Industries-customized learning path based on the CF leadership competencies, which we have established are the knowledge, skills, abilities and attributes necessary to perform successfully at CF across all jobs. We believe these leadership behaviors are essential to delivering great business results within our values-driven culture.
At the heart of this learning path is our Core Curriculum, which is a series of courses designed to familiarize our employees with our business, values, culture, and people processes. The program aligns to our CF Industries Leadership Competencies leader levels and provides current and new employees with a consistent understanding of who we are, what we do, and how we do it. We also provide courses that teach different interrelated leadership competencies and skillsets such as “Leading Self,” “Leading Teams,” and “Leading the Business.”
Beyond this core training, CF Industries’ employees have access to LinkedIn Learning, which includes courses focused on business, creativity and technology. We provide guidance on certification preparation and continuing education. Additionally, North American employees have access to a Tuition Reimbursement Program, which allows for up to $10,000 of eligible approved tuition expenses each calendar year for covered education programs at accredited institutions. In 2021, we had 22 employees receive education assistance, with CF Industries contributing over $136,500.
“We also strive to support our communities by supporting our employees’ ability to volunteer their time in support of causes they believe in.”
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT. 
We focus on training our leaders and building a culture where team members can identify their strengths, understand their weaknesses, and receive constructive and motivating feedback. Leaders are taught to provide coaching, set roadmaps for development, and hold team members accountable for achieving expected results.
We also focus on internal leadership development opportunities through the Executive Development Program (EDP). The EDP lasts 12-18 months with approximately 15 participants at a time, preparing candidates for potential senior leadership team roles within 5 years. Candidates are assessed through problem-solving tests and business simulations, while also being taught different topics such as self-leadership and people leadership.
In 2021, we also piloted a 3-month Leading Leaders professional development experience with six participants comprised of directors and VPs. The program is built on instilling five pivotal leadership functions: strategist, change leader, talent developer, internal influencer, and results orchestrator. Some of the skills taught also include understanding how to inspire and lead a diverse team to consistently exceed expectations, sponsoring and leading effective change initiatives, and demonstrating courage to challenge the status quo and achieve new possibilities.
SASB RT-CH-210a.1. 
GRI 404-1, 404-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 35 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Food Security & Product Stewardship. 
KEY ISSUES ▶ Food Security ▶ Environmental Compliance ▶ Safety and Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals ▶ Product Design for Use-Phase Efficiency. 
UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Realizing zero hunger directly aligns with CF Industries’ moral values, mission, and overall business strategy. Working with farmers for reliable and proper application of our products, CF Industries emphasizes food security at the heart of our business. Our nitrogen fertilizer products strengthen crop yields to continue to increase global food supplies.
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all. 
We realize that we must continue to build a resilient and adaptive enterprise, in part by continuously updating the skillset of our people.
Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. 
As an industrial processor of raw materials into products that help feed and fuel society, we are actively engaging with policymakers, suppliers, customers, farmers, and other stakeholders on best practices and new technologies related to responsible use of our product and production of raw materials.
Target urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. 
We understand and acknowledge the risks associated with climate change. To that end, we are working to decarbonize the world’s largest ammonia production network while also working beyond our operations to support lower emissions from industrial activities, the transition to the clean energy economy and the reduction of GHG emissions associated with the use of nitrogen fertilizers. We are also working with policymakers to advance policies that bolster investment in decarbonization and clean energy. We believe we can help decarbonize the world’s energy sector while also making food production more resilient. As a result, our actions can help protect our communities and people.
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas, and marine resources for sustainable development. 
CF Industries has an inherent responsibility to help mitigate any negative impact from the downstream effects of our products. Specifically, we are working to ensure the proper use of our products in agricultural production, which can help limit nutrient runoff into water bodies.
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat deforestation, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss. 
Most of our products are used in farming applications to produce higher yields, allowing more food to be grown on less land and reducing the need to convert forests to farmland. Therefore, we have a vested interest in protecting terrestrial ecosystems, and we acknowledge the critical importance of biodiversity to broader life systems.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
We know that we must incorporate ESG mindset into all our actions, and we are eager to engage and partner with private, public, and civil sector participants to support the UN SDGs.
GRI 201-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 36 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


CF Industries’ activities within this environmental, social, and governance (ESG) dimension start with a focus on the proper use of the products we manufacture. Applying nutrients correctly has a variety of benefits. It creates the best possible conditions for plants to grow, enabling farmers to increase crop yields and maximize their productivity while providing food to a growing global population. Proper nutrient application also delivers key environmental benefits, including enhancing soil health, protecting water sources, and reducing pressures related to deforestation. The Coalition of Action 4 Soil Health (CA4SH) projects that healthy soils have the potential to absorb 80 to 100 billion metric tons of carbon between 2020 and 2100, helping to limit global warming and enhance food security. As one of the largest plant nutrient producers globally, we are proud of our role in helping to feed the world while also supporting a healthier environment.
We also focus within this ESG dimension on compliance within our own operations. While we have a duty to abide by all environmental laws and regulations governing our operations, we also have a responsibility to properly evaluate our suppliers and other partners. We are further committed to properly managing chemicals in our manufacturing and distribution network, doing our part to protect the planet and its people. Finally, we constantly evaluate and implement appropriate technologies and practices at our production facilities that improve energy efficiency, lower greenhouse gas emissions, reduce water consumption and limit raw materials consumption.
Food Security. 
Fertilizer production is essential to global food supply and food security. However, the improper use of fertilizer creates risks through adverse impacts on climate change and water quality, as well as for our business. By focusing on proper nutrient stewardship on a large scale, we believe that CF Industries can help safeguard demand for our products and protect operating margins, while also being part of the solution to protect water resources and reduce greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change.
Increasing widespread adoption of practices to promote sustainable usage of our products is a longstanding goal for CF Industries. Over time, we have worked with multiple partners on advancing nutrient stewardship practices and believe that it is also essential to improve the industry’s ability to accurately measure farm-level emissions from fertilizer use (which constitute downstream Scope 3 emissions for CF Industries), which can open up additional opportunities to advance practices to reduce those emissions.
As part of our journey, CF Industries communicated two initial goals regarding sustainable use of our fertilizer products in 2020: ▷ Reach 90,000 farmers with 4R Plus program by 2023 ▷ Expand partnerships to achieve 60 million acres of farmland using sustainable practices by 2030. 
CF has continued its strong involvement in several ongoing initiatives related to nutrient stewardship, but also added new partnerships and initiatives in 2021 in an effort to accelerate progress towards our goals is this area.
▶ Ongoing Industry-Wide Action on Nutrient Stewardship: Proper nutrient stewardship is critical to reducing the environmental impacts of fertilizer use, while ensuring strong crop yields and food security and limiting pressures for deforestation. CF has long been involved with our key industry associations, including The Fertilizer Institute and Fertilizer Canada, to boost farm-level adoption of the core 4R nutrient stewardship practices.
▶ Focused 4RPlus Education Program in Iowa: For the past six years, CF Industries has played a leading role in supporting 4R Plus, a program coordinated by The Nature Conservancy with over 60 partner organizations designed to increase awareness and understanding among Iowa’s farmers and crop advisers of 1) 4R Nutrient Stewardship practices, and 2) conservation techniques. Over this six-year period, the 4R Plus program has developed and provided materials and educated farmers across Iowa. Based on our latest work in 2021, this program has already exceeded our goal of reaching 90,000 farmers in the state of Iowa.
TCFD Metrics & Targets B. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 37 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


4R NUTRIENT STEWARDSHIP REFERS TO:
Right Source: Choose the type of fertilizer best suited to the crop and soil.
Right Rate: Use only as much fertilizer as the crop needs to avoid excess being lost into the atmosphere or nearby waterways.
Right Time: Apply fertilizer when crops and their root systems are prepared for optimal nutrient absorption.
Right Place: Apply fertilizers in locations that optimize absorption.
THE “PLUS” REFERS TO A VARIETY OF CONSERVATION PRACTICES THAT OFFER ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS, INCLUDING:
Cover Crops help manage soil erosion and use nitrogen so it is not released as nitrous oxide (N2O).
Reduced Tillage leaves organic matter intact, reducing the release of N2O from soil.
Buffer Strips surrounding fields limit nitrate from getting into surface water and are a good sediment management tool.
▶ One Acre Fund: CF Industries also supports food security through its support of the One Acre Fund, which provides financing, distribution, and training to approximately 1.3 million smallholder farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa. CF Industries’ support is helping One Acre Fund farmers plant more than one million new trees each year and we are looking to expand our opportunities for partnership.
▶ Global Action on Soil Health: In 2021 we joined the Coalition of Action 4 Soil Health (CA4SH), a United Nations-inspired, multi-stakeholder effort to facilitate widespread adoption of land practices that will work to improve soil health through financial investment and policy actions. Corporate partners of CA4SH commit financial support to help farmers adopt soil best management practices; help with roadmap/ business plan implementation; support the devel- opment of carbon market pricing mechanisms; advance technology and data measurement; and help develop public-private soil health stewardship programs, among other actions.
▶ Partnerships to Accelerate Farm-Level Emission Reductions: In 2021, CF Industries joined with the International Fertilizer Association (IFA) and other leading industry members on a project to improve industry understanding of the factors impacting emissions from fertilizer use and to develop an industry roadmap of actions to reduce these emissions. CF Industries has also joined the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and its Agriculture 1.5 platform, to promote the development of the nitrogen fertilizer Sectoral Decarbonization Approach (SDA) and to work with other partners to enable reductions in emissions across the value chain.
Environmental Compliance Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals. 
In 2021, we also continued to maintain strict environmental compliance practices across the Company. All employees receive intensive environmental training when onboarding, and annually thereafter. Our comprehensive EHS policy and strategy ensure that employees are trained and encouraged to incorporate environmental management into all aspects of their work. Our Do It Right culture is intended to permeate our business and drive overall excellence, with environmental risks identified and managed using a variety of tools at each location. As part of our efforts on environmental compliance and proper stewardship of chemicals, we communicated one goal in 2020: ▷ Receive the “Protect & Sustain” certification (or equivalent environmental/product stewardship certification) for 100% of our manufacturing sites by 2030. 
The Protect & Sustain certificate is a rigorous facility certification process, built on the environmental, health, safety and quality aspects of OHSAS 18001 and ISO 9001 and 14001 certifications. Protect & Sustain certification was developed by the IFA, promoting the highest levels of safety and security performance in the industry. We are currently certified by Protect & Sustain at our Yazoo City, Mississippi manufacturing plant, along with our corporate headquarters. We remain responsible stewards of chemicals, with 100% of our products undergoing a formal hazard assessment. All products and services are assessed for health and safety impacts, with safety data sheets shared on our corporate website.
Product Design for Use-phase Efficiency. 
In addition to action on key issues related to food security and environmental compliance, CF Industries is working to offer products that meet the needs of improved natural resource efficiency. The Company derives and sells diesel exhaust fluid (DEF), urea liquor, and ammonia to industrial customers for emissions abatement purposes in other industries like transportation and electric utilities. CF Industries has helped develop the growth of the DEF market, becoming the largest supplier of the product in North America.
GRI 103-3, SASB RT-CH-410b.2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 38 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Ethics & Governance. 
KEY ISSUES ▶ Ethics ▶ Management of Legal and Regulatory Environment. 
UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all. 
We realize that we must continue to build a resilient and adaptive enterprise, in part by continuously updating the skillset of our people.
Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels. 
This goal aligns with our belief that it is our duty to protect all stakeholders associated with our Company. Simply put, we believe in doing the right thing and governing our business accordingly.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
We know that we must incorporate ESG mindset into all our actions, and we are eager to engage and partner with private, public, and civil sector participants to support the UN SDGs.
GRI 102-17, 103-1, 103-2, 205-1, 205-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 39 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


At CF Industries, we have a long history of doing the right thing for our Company, our customers, our suppliers, our communities and our employees. Our Do It Right philosophy is the cornerstone of our culture and is underpinned by our commitment to our core values and business ethics, managed through appropriate governance and oversight.
Our Ethics & Governance dimension pertains to ethics within our operations as well as those of our suppliers. We do this through proper screening and evaluation, including determining the extent to which our suppliers share our commitment to key ESG issues. We also have in place strong corporate governance practices to oversee our ESG commitments and to ensure we meet our goals and broader business strategy.
Ethics & Management of Legal & Regulatory Environment. 
ETHICS IN OUR OPERATIONS. 
We have consistent standards of conduct and training for employees in areas of ethical importance. This includes an annual goal that 100% of our employees are trained in the following areas: ▶ Employee Code of Corporate Conduct ▶ Environmental, Health, Safety, and Security Policy ▶ Inclusion, Diversity & Equity matters ▶ Anti-corruption Compliance Policy. 
Through our learning management systems (LMS), we have been able to efficiently and effectively provide these trainings and track attendance and certification. In 2021, we achieved all four of our ethical training goals with over 5,000 hours of training recorded.
In addition, CF employees are encouraged to review and stay abreast of other important corporate policies, at a minimum, on an annual basis. These additional policies include:
ETHICS IN OUR SUPPLY CHAIN. 
Our core values underscore the importance of acting ethically and in compliance with all our business dealings. While we emphasize ethical behavior within our own operations, we also extend that to how we engage with and select suppliers. CF Industries’ supply chain includes local, regional, and global partners from whom we purchase products and services, including natural gas, transportation, utilities, maintenance services, and capital equipment.
We work with third parties in Canada, the U.K., and the United States to assist us with supplier screening and evaluation to ensure that they: ▶ Meet the same EHS standards that we use for our internal operations for those suppliers at our manufacturing and distribution locations; ▶ Abide by the Third Party Code of Conduct, which is required in our purchase agreements; and ▶ Have not engaged in inappropriate business practices (legal and regulatory enforcement screening) and are not restricted parties, such as those that appear on sanctioned party lists or are politically exposed persons (restricted party screening).
New suppliers (those that CF Industries has not conducted business with in the previous three years) are screened initially if considered high risk or otherwise after they have been established. Existing suppliers are screened annually throughout the lifetime of the business relationship.
If an issue is raised about a supplier during one of these screenings, a vetting process is initiated to determine if the issue is of true concern. If we determine the issue is indeed problematic, we then develop the appropriate remediation steps to bring the supplier back into compliance. If the issue cannot be sufficiently resolved, the supplier is then blocked in CF Industries’ vendor system. This vetting process is led by the Senior Director of Procurement, in coordination with the Legal Department and the Chief Compliance Officer.
We establish goals and objectives with our significant suppliers to manage performance and drive continuous improvement.
 ▶ Anti-harassment Policy ▶ Antitrust Compliance Policy and Guide ▶ Export Controls and Sanctions Compliance Policy ▶ Human Rights Policy ▶ Policy on Insider Trading ▶ Sensitive Data Access Policy ▶ Workplace Violence Prevention and Weapons Policy. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 40 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


ASSESSING THE ESG GOALS OF OUR SUPPLY CHAIN. 
In 2021, CF Industries began the process of assessing the ESG programs of our suppliers. We use EcoVadis to administer an annual questionnaire to assess our suppliers’ commitment and performance in key ESG areas, including their emissions reduction goals, harassment policies, child labor policies, and other topics related to CF Industries’ ESG goals and core values. The program currently engages suppliers and service providers representing 50% of the Company’s total procurement and supply chain expenditures. We believe this process will help us improve supply chain resiliency and ensure that we work with suppliers who share our commitment to key ESG issues.
Scored Supplier Overall Score ENV LAB FBP SUP. 
EcoVadis: 44.0 44.0 46.8 42.0 36.4 36 51.7 51.4 54.7 54.2 42.5. 
SCORE DISTRIBUTION. 
SIZE DISTRIBUTION CSR KPI. 
Policy on corruption 00-14 15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65-74 75-84 85-100. 
Whole or construction... 81% 75% 67% 67% 67% 64% 53% 47% 44% 44% 39%
Active whistleblowing procedure in place Construction of buildings. 
No evidence of supplier CSR risk analysis and/or supplier CSR assessments Manufacture of measurin...
Reporting on health & safety indicators Manufacture of railway to...
Actions on energy consumption & GHGs Repair and installation of...
Reporting on energy consumptions or GHGs Security and Investigation...
Reporting on CO2 emissions Extraction of crude petro...
Audit or assessment of suppliers on CSR issues Activies of head offices;...
Use of renewable energy Manufacture of electric m...
Policy on sustainable procurement issues Software publishing...
ISO 14001 certified (at least one operational site) Manufacture of basic...
SUPPLIERS OVERALL SCORE ECOVADIS SUB CATEGORY % PORTFOLIO BETWEEN OVERALL SCORES 40 S M L 60 53% PORFOLIO 69% 6% 25% 43 33 55 16 51 46 38 71 63 69 63 00-14 15-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65-74 75-84 85-100. 
OVERALL SCORE PER COUNTRY/TERRITORY TCFD Risk Management A/B GRI 414-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 41 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Governance. 
CF Industries remains committed to implementing sound corporate governance practices that enhance the effectiveness of our Board of Directors and management team. The experience and diversity of our directors has been, and continues to be, critical to our success. Our Chairman of the Board is independent and separate from the Chief Executive Officer. The Chairman of the Board and chair of the governance committee lead an active process to regularly assess board composition and attributes and consider succession planning. We consider diversity of background, including experience and skills, as well as personal characteristics such as race, gender, and age, in identifying nominees for director and incorporate recruitment protocols in our candidate searches that seek to identify candidates with these diversity characteristics. We also ensure that we routinely engage in dialogue with stakeholders about matters related to our corporate governance.
BOARD OVERSIGHT OF ESG PERFORMANCE, STRATEGY AND GOALS. 
Our Board has an integral role in oversight of sustainability and engages with senior management on a broad range of environmental, social and governance topics, including climate change; human capital management; inclusion, diversity, and equity (ID&E); and our related comprehensive ESG goals. The four standing committees of the Board assist the full Board in its oversight role with respect to the committee’s respective areas of responsibility. As part of risk management and mitigation efforts, the. 
Board of Directors established a new committee in October 2020 —the environmental sustainability and community committee—which held its first meeting in December 2020 and continues to meet five times per year. This committee assists the Board with oversight of all aspects of the strategy and progress toward net-zero carbon emissions, sustainability activities and reporting, and the Company’s active involvement in the communities in which it operates. Additionally, the committee assists the Board in holding management accountable for meeting the Company’s ESG objectives.
The Board’s compensation and management development committee has oversight over critical areas within ESG relating to inclusion, diversity, and equity and employee well-being initiatives. The committee supports the full Board with succession plans for the CEO, while overseeing and reviewing management’s development, retention, and succession planning for other key executives and senior management.
The nominating and corporate governance committee’s responsibilities include overseeing our governance structures and processes, including Board refreshment and succession planning.
The audit committee oversees the integrity of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control environment. In addition, the audit committee receives regular reports on the efficacy of our information security and technology risks (including cybersecurity).
CF Industries is committed to implementing sound corporate governance practices that enhance the effectiveness of our Board and management while engaging with our shareholders on matters of corporate governance • Regular assessment of board composition, capabilities and attributes, including diversity • Annual board and committee evaluations, including self and peer evaluations • Annual election of directors • Majority voting for directors in uncontested elections • No supermajority voting provisions in charter or bylaws • Independent directors meet regularly in executive session • Stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers • All directors are independent, except CEO • Separate Independent Chairman of the Board and CEO • Comprehensive ESG and sustainability reporting on an annual basis • Report twice per year on the company’s political contributions • Proxy access • Stockholder ability to call special meeting • Robust stakeholder engagement • Policy on adoption of a stockholder right plans. 
Corporate Governance. 
TCFD Governance A GRI 103-1, 103-2, 103-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 42 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT OF ESG GOALS. 
Shareholders elect our directors to oversee management. Management is responsible for delivering on our strategy, creating our culture, establishing accountability and managing risk. CF Industries incorporates the management of ESG issues across the entire business and at every level within the organization. We want every employee to play a role in meeting our ESG goals as they are central to our strategy. Goals are set and tracked by corporate leadership and reviewed at the Board level, while day-to-day goal management occurs at the site level.
Additionally, the Senior Leadership Team (SLT) has established an ESG Working Group led by our Vice President of Public Affairs (SLT member) and includes members from EHS, HR, legal, communications, and investor relations. The ESG Working Group is focused on reporting strategy, report development, partnerships, and coalitions, ESG goal tracking and benchmarking. The SLT is kept apprised of the team’s work and consults with them on matters regarding our overall ESG strategy.
In 2021, the Company established a Clean Energy Solutions group to advance our strategy and leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy. This team, which reports to our Chief Financial Officer, focuses on developing the global market for blue and green ammonia as a clean energy source.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TIED TO ESG OBJECTIVES. 
Given the critical importance of our ESG efforts, we previously took steps to align executive compensation directly to the Company’s ESG performance relative to key program objectives. Executive compensation in 2021 was linked to success against three of our ESG goals: 1. Developing and prioritizing a list of viable GHG reduction capital projects, 2. Completing safety critical equipment inspections on schedule, and 3. Management of changes in current year closed within 90 days of pre-startup review. 
TCFD Governance B TCFD Governance B. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 43 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


CF Industries is engaged with more than 60 coalitions, associations, and partnerships around the world. Membership in these organizations allows us to learn and share best practices with others from a diverse group of industries and, in many cases, engage governments and other stakeholders on policies and initiatives pertinent to our business. Ultimately, these engagements help us advance our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) program and goals, while also supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The following is a snapshot of select partnerships that align with our broader ESG strategy. TCFD Strategy A. 
Coalitions, Partnerships, & Policy Engagement. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 44 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Ammonia Energy Association (AEA); Business Council for International Understanding (BCIU); Clean Fuels Ammonia Association; Business Roundtable (BRT); Carbon Capture Coalition; Climate Leadership Council; Hydrogen Council; Hydrogen Forward; Public Affairs Council; Resources for the Future (RFF); World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD); World Economic Forum (WEF)
Global Compact Network USA, Inc.; Women in Agribusiness; National Safety Council (NSC); National Association of EHS&S Management (NAEM); Center for Chemical Process Safety (CCPS); Center for Hydrogen Safety (CHS) 4R Plus; Coalition of Action 4 Soil Health (CA4SH); Fertilizer Canada; Field to Market; International Fertilizer Association (IFA); Once Acre Fund; Responsible AG; The Fertilizer Institute (TFI) 
In 2021, we joined seven new organizations, including the Hydrogen Council, Hydrogen Forward, the Carbon Capture Coalition, the AEA, the Southeast Alberta Hydrogen Task Force, the CA4SH and the WEF. CF Industries is also now a member of the Climate Leadership Council and the WBCSD. We are working with both CEO-led organizations and other businesses to catalyze action towards a clean energy economy.
We also participate in other events and panel discussions, such as this presentation by Linda Dempsey, our VP of Public Affairs, at RFF, which explored pathways to decarbonization using hydrogen.
Overall, these efforts underscore our commitment to becoming a leader in decarbonization, clean energy, and advancing soil health. For example, by joining the Hydrogen Council as a steering member, we are executing on our shared vision that hydrogen – and ammonia’s role as an enabler for the storage and transport of hydrogen – has an essential role to play in the clean energy transition. Additionally, we are working with a range of stakeholders to strengthen, facilitate, and accelerate the adoption and scaling of soil health restoration practices, including proper nutrient stewardship, to boost productivity and economic growth, rural livelihoods, biodiversity protection, mitigation and adaptation to climate change, and natural resources management.
In addition to private sector partnerships, CF Industries is also directly engaged with policymakers to educate and work with elected officials and policymakers on matters that are important to the Company, our people, and the communities where we do business. Of particular importance for CF is advancing policies that will accelerate decarbonization globally to meet the world’s ambitious climate targets. We support carbon pricing systems to foster industry decarbonization efforts that recognize the energy-intensive trade exposed (EITE) nature of ammonia production and the need to prevent carbon leakage through the utilization of border adjustment-type mechanisms that will drive emissions-reductions investments. We also support policies that incentivize capital investment in clean energy initiatives, such as carbon capture and sequestration that are likely to lead to the quickest and largest emission reductions by the ammonia industry.
We will continue to seek out additional coalitions, partnerships and policy engagements that advance our strategy and impact.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 45 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Reporting & Data. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 46 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


TCFD Index. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance -- Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management,” pages 26-27, “Corporate Governance -- Committees of the Board -- Environmental Sustainability and Community Committee,” page 25-26 and “Corporate Governance - Sustainability at CF Industries,” pages 30-32.
See 2021 ESG Report, “Ethics and Governance -- Governance -- Board Oversight of ESG Performance, Strategy and Goals,” page 42.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance -- Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management,” pages 26-27; “Corporate Governance -- Sustainability at CF Industries,” pages 30-32; “Proxy Statement Summary -- Our Business and Strategy,” pages 2-3; and the Joint Letter to Shareholders from the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer -- The Path Ahead.
See also 2021 ESG Report, “A Message from our CEO,” pages 2-4; “Energy, Emissions and Climate Change,” pages 19-27; “Ethics and Governance -- Governance -- Management Oversight of ESG Goals, page 43 and “Our Workplace & Communities -- EHS Governance,” page 32.
While the potential impacts of climate change are difficult to predict, we believe climate change presents our company with both risks and opportunities. • Regulatory risk, particularly in the form of regulatory restrictions on emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate our production facilities, presents the most tangible and direct risk to how we currently conduct our business and operations because our production facilities emit greenhouse gases (GHGs) such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and because natural gas, a fossil fuel, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. More stringent GHG regulations, if enacted, may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, or increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation. • We also face physical risk from storms, which depending on their severity and location have the potential to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, and to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. • We use the North American waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. We also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deepwater docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites. If climate change resulted in persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding or drought for example), we may be required to change our operating and distribution activities and make significant capital improvements to our facilities. • Our principal products are nitrogen fertilizers used by farmers. The fertilizer application and crop planting, growing, and harvesting periods in any given farming region are driven by the region’s weather patterns. Over the longer-term, changes in these weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, requiring us to evolve our sophisticated distribution system.
The implications of climate change also present us and our industry with opportunities. We believe the synthetic fertilizers we manufacture are part of the solution to reducing GHG emissions that contribute to climate change. Fertilizer is responsible for helping to grow the crops that comprise about half of the world’s food supply, which makes life possible for billions of people. Fertilizer also supports sustainable food production because it increases yield per acre, which means farmers need less land to grow the food the world’s population needs to survive. By increasing crop yields, our products help limit the conversion of carbon-sequestering forests into farmland. We also manufacture products that reduce GHG emissions from industrial processes and our diesel exhaust fluid product helps reduce nitrous oxide emissions of heavy-duty trucks.
Our Commitment to a Clean Energy Economy We are taking significant steps to support a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy, through the production of green and blue ammonia. Since ammonia is one of the most efficient ways to transport and store hydrogen and is also a fuel in its own right, we believe that the Company, as the world’s largest producer of ammonia, with an unparalleled manufacturing and distribution network and deep technical expertise, is uniquely positioned to fulfill anticipated demand for hydrogen and ammonia from green and blue sources. Our approach includes green ammonia production, which refers to ammonia produced through a carbon-free process, and blue ammonia production, which relates to ammonia produced by conventional processes but with CO2 removed through carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) and other certified carbon abatement projects.
In October 2020, we announced an initial green ammonia project at our Donaldsonville complex. In April 2021, we signed an engineering and procurement contract with thyssenkrupp to supply a 20 MW alkaline water electrolysis plant to produce green hydrogen at our Donaldsonville complex. Construction and installation, which is being managed by us, began in the fourth quarter of 2021 and is expected to finish in 2023, with an estimated total cost of approximately $100 million. The cost of the project is expected to fit within our annual capital expenditure budgets. We will integrate the green hydrogen generated by the electrolysis plant into existing ammonia synthesis loops to enable the production of approximately 20,000 tons per year of green ammonia. We believe that, when completed in 2023, the Donaldsonville green ammonia project will be the largest of its kind in North America.
In the third quarter of 2021, we signed a memorandum of understanding with Mitsui & Co., Inc. (Mitsui) that will guide us in a joint exploration of the development of blue ammonia projects in the United States. The preliminary studies we are. 
GOVERNANCE A BOARD OVERSIGHT. 
GOVERNANCE B ROLE OF MANAGEMENT. 
STRATEGY A SHORT, MEDIUM, AND LONG TERM CLIMATE RISKS. 
STRATEGY B BUSINESS, STRATEGY AND FINANCIAL PLANNING. 
Our Commitment to a Clean Energy Economy We are taking significant steps to support a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy, through the production of green and blue ammonia. Since ammonia is one of the most efficient ways to transport and store hydrogen and is also a fuel in its own right, we believe that the Company, as the world’s largest producer of ammonia, with an unparalleled manufacturing and distribution network and deep technical expertise, is uniquely positioned to fulfill anticipated demand for hydrogen and ammonia from green and blue sources. Our approach includes green ammonia production, which refers to ammonia produced through a carbon-free process, and blue ammonia production, which relates to ammonia produced by conventional processes but with CO2 removed through carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) and other certified carbon abatement projects.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance -- Sustainability at CF Industries,” pages 30-32; and “Proxy Statement Summary -- Our Business and Strategy,” page 2.
See also 2021 ESG Report, “A Message from our CEO,” pages 2-4; “About the Company -- Ammonia’s Role in Society,” page 7; “Energy, Emissions and Climate Change,” pages 19-27; and “Food Security & Product Stewardship,” pages 36-38.
See also 2021 Form 10-K, “Item 1 Business -- Environmental, Health and Safety -- Regulation of Greenhouse Gases,” pages 9-10; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- A decline in agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the demand for our products,” page 13; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. Adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change” page 15; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- We are reliant on a limited number of key facilities,” page 17; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Environmental and Regulatory Risks,” pages 22-24; and “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Strategic Risks,” pages 24-26.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 47 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Our Commitment to a Clean Energy Economy We are taking significant steps to support a global hydrogen and clean fuel economy, through the production of green and blue ammonia. Since ammonia is one of the most efficient ways to transport and store hydrogen and is also a fuel in its own right, we believe that the Company, as the world’s largest producer of ammonia, with an unparalleled manufacturing and distribution network and deep technical expertise, is uniquely positioned to fulfill anticipated demand for hydrogen and ammonia from green and blue sources. Our approach includes green ammonia production, which refers to ammonia produced through a carbon-free process, and blue ammonia production, which relates to ammonia produced by conventional processes but with CO2 removed through carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) and other certified carbon abatement projects.
In October 2020, we announced an initial green ammonia project at our Donaldsonville complex. In April 2021, we signed an engineering and procurement contract with thyssenkrupp to supply a 20 MW alkaline water electrolysis plant to produce green hydrogen at our Donaldsonville complex. Construction and installation, which is being managed by us, began in the fourth quarter of 2021 and is expected to finish in 2023, with an estimated total cost of approximately $100 million. The cost of the project is expected to fit within our annual capital expenditure budgets. We will integrate the green hydrogen generated by the electrolysis plant into existing ammonia synthesis loops to enable the production of approximately 20,000 tons per year of green ammonia. We believe that, when completed in 2023, the Donaldsonville green ammonia project will be the largest of its kind in North America.
In the third quarter of 2021, we signed a memorandum of understanding with Mitsui & Co., Inc. (Mitsui) that will guide us in a joint exploration of the development of blue ammonia projects in the United States. The preliminary studies we are conducting with Mitsui cover areas such as blue ammonia supply and supply chain infrastructure, CO2 transportation and storage, expected environmental impacts, and blue ammonia economics and marketing opportunities in Japan and in other countries.
We have also announced steps to produce blue ammonia from our ammonia production network. In the fourth quarter of 2021, our Board of Directors authorized projects that we believe will enable the annual production of up to 1.25 million tons of blue ammonia from our existing network starting in 2024. The projects will involve constructing units at our Donaldsonville and Yazoo City complexes that dehydrate and compress CO2, a process essential for CO2 transport via. 
STRATEGY C RESILIENCE OF THE ORGANIZATION’S STRATEGY conducting with Mitsui cover areas such as blue ammonia supply and supply chain infrastructure, CO2 transportation and storage, expected environmental impacts, and blue ammonia economics and marketing opportunities in Japan and in other countries.
We have also announced steps to produce blue ammonia from our ammonia production network. In the fourth quarter of 2021, our Board of Directors authorized projects that we believe will enable the annual production of up to 1.25 million tons of blue ammonia from our existing network starting in 2024. The projects will involve constructing units at our Donaldsonville and Yazoo City complexes that dehydrate and compress CO2, a process essential for CO2 transport via pipeline to sequestration sites. Management expects that, once the units are in service and sequestration is initiated, we could sequester up to 2.5 million tons of CO2 per year (2 million tons at Donaldsonville and 500,000 tons at Yazoo City). Under current regulations, the projects would be expected to qualify for tax credits under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code, which provides a credit per tonne of CO2 sequestered.
Construction of the units at the Donaldsonville complex is expected to begin in 2022 and to be completed in 2024, with an estimated total cost of $200 million. The Yazoo City project will be timed to coincide with CO2 transport pipeline construction. Once started, the project is expected to be completed in three years with an estimated total cost of $85 million. In addition, we are currently in advanced discussions with several parties regarding transportation and sequestration of CO2 from Donaldsonville.
See also 2021 ESG Report, “A Message from our CEO,”pages 2-4; “About the Company -- Ammonia’s Role in Society,” page 7; ”CF Industries’ Approach to ESG and Sustainability, “ pages 10-18 and “Energy, Emissions & Climate Change,” pages 1927.
pipeline to sequestration sites. Management expects that, once the units are in service and sequestration is initiated, we could sequester up to 2.5 million tons of CO2 per year (2 million tons at Donaldsonville and 500,000 tons at Yazoo City). Under current regulations, the projects would be expected to qualify for tax credits under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code, which provides a credit per tonne of CO2 sequestered.
Construction of the units at the Donaldsonville complex is expected to begin in 2022 and to be completed in 2024, with an estimated total cost of $200 million. The Yazoo City project will be timed to coincide with CO2 transport pipeline construction. Once started, the project is expected to be completed in three years with an estimated total cost of $85 million. In addition, we are currently in advanced discussions with several parties regarding transportation and sequestration of CO2 from Donaldsonville.
See also 2021 ESG Report, “A Message from our CEO,” pages 2-4; “About the Company -- Ammonia’s Role in Society,” page 7; ”CF Industries’ Approach to ESG and Sustainability, “ pages 10-18 and “Energy, Emissions & Climate Change,” pages 1927.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance -- Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management -- Board Oversight of Risk Management, pages 26-27.
While the potential impacts of climate change are difficult to predict, we believe climate change presents our company with both risks and opportunities. • Regulatory risk, particularly in the form of regulatory restrictions on emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate our production facilities, presents the most tangible and direct risk to how we currently conduct our business and operations because our production facilities emit greenhouse gases (GHGs) such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide and because natural gas, a fossil fuel, is a primary raw material used in our nitrogen production process. More stringent GHG regulations, if enacted, may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, or increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation. • We also face physical risk from storms, which depending on their severity and location have the potential to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, and to affect adversely the shipping and distribution of our products. • We use the North American waterway system extensively to ship products from some of our manufacturing facilities to our distribution facilities and our customers. We also export nitrogen fertilizer products via seagoing vessels from deepwater docking facilities at certain of our manufacturing sites. If climate change resulted in persistent significant changes in river or ocean water levels (either up or down, such as a result of flooding or drought for example), we may be required to change our operating and distribution activities and make significant capital improvements to our facilities. • Our principal products are nitrogen fertilizers used by farmers. The fertilizer application and crop planting, growing, and harvesting periods in any given farming region are driven by the region’s weather patterns. Over the longer-term, changes in these weather patterns may shift the periods of demand for products and even the regions to which our products are distributed, requiring us to evolve our sophisticated distribution system.
See also 2021 Form 10-K, “Item 1 Business -- Environmental, Health and Safety -- Regulation of Greenhouse Gases,” pages 9-10; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- A decline in agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the demand for our products,” page 13; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products, increase the cost of natural gas or materially disrupt our operations. Adverse weather conditions could become more frequent and/or more severe as a result of climate change,” page 15; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- We are reliant on a limited number of key facilities,” page 17; “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Environmental and Regulatory Risks,” pages 22-24; and “Item 1A Risk Factors -- Strategic Risks,” pages 24-26.
See also 2021 ESG Report, “CF Industries’ Approach to ESG & Sustainability,” pages 10-18 and “Energy, Emissions & Climate Change,” pages 19-27.
RISK MANAGEMENT A IDENTIFYING AND ASSESSING CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 48 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Our management has established an enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program that includes an annual assessment process that is designed to identify risks that could affect us and the achievement of our objectives, including climaterelated risks; to understand, assess, and prioritize those risks; and to facilitate the implementation of risk management strategies and processes across the company that are responsive to the company’s risk profile, business strategies, and specific material risk exposures. The ERM program seeks to integrate consideration of risk and risk management into business decision- making throughout the company, including through the implementation of policies and procedures intended to ensure that necessary information with respect to material risks is transmitted to senior executives and, as appropriate, to the Board or relevant committees. Each year, the Board reviews and discusses with the key members of management responsible for management of risk the guidelines and policies governing the ERM process, the key risks identified in the ERM process, as well as the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact assigned to those risks by management, and the risk mitigation strategies in each instance.
Our management has established an enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program that includes an annual assessment process that is designed to identify risks that could affect us and the achievement of our objectives, including climaterelated risks; to understand, assess, and prioritize those risks; and to facilitate the implementation of risk management strategies and processes across the company that are responsive to the company’s risk profile, business strategies, and specific material risk exposures. The ERM program seeks to integrate consideration of risk and risk management into business decision- making throughout the company, including through the implementation of policies and procedures intended to ensure that necessary information with respect to material risks is transmitted to senior executives and, as appropriate, to the Board or relevant committees. Each year, the Board reviews and discusses with the key members of management responsible for management of risk the guidelines and policies governing the ERM process, the key risks identified in the ERM process, as well as the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact assigned to those risks by management, and the risk mitigation strategies in each instance.
CF has published comprehensive ESG goals to our website, including our commitment to disclose Company data in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework for climate-related risks and opportunities, in addition to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB).
Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: 16,644,007 Tonnes Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: 688,228 Tonnes. 
Discuss Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) related risks: Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions are calculated using methodologies consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. Our disclosures are also aligned with the recommendation of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) that organizations disclose “Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks.” The Company has disclosed Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions totals based on an operational control approach to boundaries.
Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the Company. Local regulatory programs were applicable to all facilities included in the Company’s Scope 1 emissions inventory in 2021. A local regulatory program in this context refers to any scheme requiring emissions to be calculated using mandated references or mandated factors (e.g., US GHGRP which publish factors specific to the programs). Scope 1 emissions do not include CO2 used as feedstock in on-site upgrade processes such as in urea production, as those emissions are included in Scope 3.
Scope 2 emissions were estimated based on the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance Amendment and followed a location-based methodology, which reflects the average emissions intensity of grids where Company facilities energy. 
Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions: 53,370,000 Tonnes. 
Discuss Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks: Scope 3 emissions are estimated in-line with the relevant GHG Protocol recommended categories and combines CF data with relevant IPCC or other factors to calculate CO2e emissions. The reported categories relevant to CF business include:
Supply of Fuel & Energy (Category 3) Upstream & Downstream Transport (Categories 4, 9) Use of Fertilizer Products (Category 11) Minor Contributors (Categories 1, 6, and 8)
While CF is reporting its total Scope 3 emissions, note that the majority of the emissions result from Category 11, Use of Fertilizer Products; this component is significant but highly uncertain and depends on a range of factors outside of CF’s control. The estimated Scope 3 emissions from product use and application is 47,410,000 Tonnes CO2e, however this must be treated as an order-of-magnitude estimate only, as this assumes generic fertilizer application and conditions which are unlikely to be representative of the good agricultural practices CF encourages via 4R and 4RPlus nutrient stewardship programs.
CF is engaged in several initiatives to measure and address indirect emissions associated with crop nutrient use, including work with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the International Fertilizer Association, as well as its ongoing support for nutrient stewardship practices including the 4Rs and 4RPlus. More information on CF’s scope 3 emissions can be found on our website.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions are calculated using methodologies consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. Our disclosures are also aligned with the recommendation of the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) that organizations disclose “Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks.” The Company has disclosed Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions totals based on an operational control approach to boundaries.
Scope 1 GHG emissions are direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the Company. Local regulatory programs were applicable to all facilities included in the Company’s Scope 1 emissions inventory in 2021. A local regulatory program in this context refers to any scheme requiring emissions to be calculated using mandated references or mandated factors (e.g., US GHGRP which publish factors specific to the programs). Scope 1 emissions do not include CO2 used as feedstock in on-site upgrade processes such as in urea production, as those emissions are included in Scope 3.
CF’s GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) are related directly to production, and therefore the primary target for GHG reduction is intensity-based. Specifically, the chosen metric is the Scope 1 (direct) GHG Emissions divided by the total Ammonia production in the relevant year. An improvement of 25% by 2030 is the company goal, based on a reference year of 2015. Additionally, CF began disclosing its Scope 3 emissions in 2021, announcing a goal to reduce its Scope 3 emissions by 10% by 2030.
RISK MANAGEMENT B PROCESSES FOR MANAGING CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS. 
RISK MANAGEMENT C ORGANIZATIONAL INTEGRATION OF RISK MANAGEMENT PRACTICES. 
METRICS AND TARGETS A METRICS USED BY THE ORGANIZATION. 
METRICS AND TARGETS B SCOPE 1 & 2 GHG EMISSIONS. 
METRICS AND TARGETS B SCOPE 3 GHG EMISSIONS. 
METRICS AND TARGETS B TARGETS USED BY THE ORGANIZATION TO MANAGE CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS consumption occurs (using mostly grid-average emission factor data). In the future, the Company may enter into contractual instruments that include any type of contract between the Company and another party for the sale and purchase of energy. These Scope 2 emissions will be calculated using a market-based methodology to reflect emissions factors outlined in those contractual instruments.
In 2021, the Company changed its GHG intensity calculation to better reflect the new strategy of the organization. GHG intensity is calculated as Scope 1 emissions/Gross Ammonia Production. Previous intensity numbers have been updated to reflect this change in calculation. CF has published comprehensive ESG goals to our website, including: “Begin to report and disclose Company data in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework for climate-related risks and opportunities, in addition to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)”.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 49 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


SASB Index. 
Topic Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Response/Reference. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations Quantitative Tonnes (t) CO2-e, Percentage (%) RT-CH- 110a.1 GRI 305: Emissions, 305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions. 
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets. 
Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH- 110a.2 GRI 302: Energy, Management Approach, TCFD Index. 
Air Quality. 
Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOX (excluding N2O), (2) SOX, (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) hazardous air pollutants (HAPs)
Quantitative Tonnes (t) RT-CH-120a.1 GRI 305: Emissions, 305-7: Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX) and other significant air emissions. 
Energy Management (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable, (4) total selfgenerated energy. 
Quantitative Gigajoules (GJ), Percentage (%) RT-CH-130a.1 GRI 302: Energy, 302-1: Energy consumption within the organization. 
Water Management (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress. 
Quantitative Thousand cubic meters (m3), Percentage (%) RT-CH- 140a.1 GRI 303: Water and Effluents, 303-3: Water withdrawal; 303-5: Water consumption. 
Number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quality permits, standards, and regulations Quantitative Number RT-CH- 140a.2 GRI 307-1: Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 
Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH-140a.3 GRI 303: Water and Effluents, Management Approach. 
Hazardous Waste Management Amount of hazardous waste generated and percentage recycled Quantitative Tonnes (t), Percentage (%) RT-CH-150a.1 GRI 306: Effluents and Waste, 306-2: Waste by type and disposal method. 
Community Relations Discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH-210a.1. 
GRI 202: Market Presence, Management Approach GRI 413: Community, 413- 2: Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities. 
Workforce Health & Safety (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employee Quantitative Rate RT-CH-320a.1 GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety, 403-9: Work-related injuries. 
Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and contract workers to long-term (chronic) health risks.
Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH-320a.2 GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety, 403- 3: Occupational health services. 
Product Design for Usephase Efficiency Revenue from products designed for use-phase resource efficiency Quantitative Reporting currency RT-CH-410a.1. 
CF derives approximately 5.5% of its revenue from emission abatement sales - Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) and urea liquor and ammonia. 
Topic Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Response/Reference. 
Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals (1) Percentage of products that contain Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals (GHS) Category 1 and 2 Health and Environmental Hazardous Substances, (2) percentage of such products that have undergone a hazard assessment. 
Quantitative Percentage (%) by revenue, Percentage (%) RT-CH-410b.1 1) 29% (2) 100% of products have undergone a hazard assessment. 
Discussion of strategy to (1) manage chemicals of concern and (2) develop alternatives with reduced human and/or environmental impact. 
Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH-410b.2 GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety, Management Approach. 
Genetically Modified Organisms Percentage of products by revenue that contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs) Quantitative Percentage (%) by revenue RT-CH-410c.1 0% - CF does not manufacture any products that use or contain GMOs.
Management of the Legal & Regulatory Environment. 
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry. 
Discussion and Analysis n/a RT-CH-530a.1. 
GRI 307: Environmental Compliance, Management Approach GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance, Management Approach. 
Operational Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response. 
Process Safety Incidents Count (PSIC), Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR), and Process Safety Incident Severity Rate (PSISR)
Quantitative Number, Rate RT-CH-540a.1 CF does not currently disclose this metric. 
Number of transport incidents Quantitative Number RT-CH-540a.2. 
Number of incidents: 0 1. Rail shipment –0 GCF ammonia vapor gas dispersion from pressure plate 2. Truck shipment – 0 GCF no leak ammonia vehicle overturned There were no major incidents in transportation in 2021.
Activity Metric Production by reportable segment Quantitative Cubic meters (m3) and/or Tonnes (t) RT-CH-000.A See 2021 Form 10-K Page(s) 4, 5. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 50 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


General Disclosures - GRI. 
NAME OF THE ORGANIZATION. 
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF)
ACTIVITIES, BRANDS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 1-6. 
SCALE OF THE ORGANIZATION. 
SASB Activity Metric: Production by Reportable Segment, Code: RT-CH-000.A. 
See 2021 Form 10-K: 1. Net sales and volume and total operations: Pages 3-7 2. Net earnings: Pages 66-67 3. Employees: Page 10-11. 
LOCATION OF HEADQUARTERS. 
Deerfield, Illinois. 
OWNERSHIP AND LEGAL FORM. 
A publicly held Delaware corporation. 
MARKETS SERVED. 
The principal customers for our nitrogen fertilizer and other nitrogen products are cooperatives, independent fertilizer distributors, farmers, and industrial users. Our largest customer base is in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Latin America. Our markets are global and intensely competitive, based primarily on delivered price and, to a lesser extent, on customer service and product quality. See also 2021 Form 10-K, page 7. 
LOCATION OF OPERATIONS. 
Nitrogen manufacturing facilities: ▷ Billingham, United Kingdom ▷ Courtright, Ontario ▷ Donaldsonville, Louisiana ▷ Ince, United Kingdom ▷ Medicine Hat, Alberta ▷ Point Lisas, Trinidad & Tobago (50 percent interest) ▷ Port Neal, Iowa ▷ Verdigris, Oklahoma ▷ Woodward, Oklahoma ▷ Yazoo City, Mississippi. 
CF owned storage terminals – 20 locations in the U.S. and three in Canada 102-1 102-2 102-7 102-8 INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES AND OTHER WORKERS 102-3 102-5 102-6 102-4. 
Topic Metric Unit 2021 2020 2019. 
EMPLOYMENT. 
Total Employees Employees 2,969 3,016 2,987. 
Employees by region:
U.S. Employees 1,980 1,989 1,940. 
Canada Employees 410 422 435. 
U.K. Employees 579 605 612. 
Employees by contract type:
Full Time Employees 2,930 2,968 2,925. 
Part Time Employees 18 17 20. 
Temporary Employees 21 31 42. 
Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements2 Percentage 15 17 17. 
Entry level wage relative to local minimum wage (U.S.)3 Percentage 297 288 288. 
Entry level wage relative to local minimum wage (Canada) 3 Percentage 237 240 292. 
DIVERSITY & INCLUSION. 
Employees by gender:
Male Employees 2,560 2,599 2,577. 
Female Employees 409 417 410. 
TENURE. 
Employees by tenure: 0-5 years Employees 1,189 1,240 1,347 6-10 years Employees 866 831 690 11-20 years Employees 488 475 442 21+ years Employees 426 470 508 1 All data in this section is as of December 31 of the reporting year.
2 See also GRI Disclosure 102-41 – Collective bargaining agreements.
3 See also GRI Disclosure 202-1 – Rations of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage.
Table populated using 2021 10-K Report. 
Temporary employees identified as those with an employee type of temporary, intern, or co-op. 
Entry level wage relative to local minimum wage percentages for both U.S. and Canada provided by compensation on GRI 202- 1 102 ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 51 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


SUPPLY CHAIN. 
CF’s supply chain includes local, regional and global partners from whom we purchase products and services including natural gas, transportation, utilities, maintenance services and capital equipment. The Procurement and Material Control organization within CF manages the spend that supports the manufacturing sites, distribution facilities and corporate offices exclusive of feedstock and customer logistics. This spend is conducted with more than 5,000 suppliers across a number of areas, including but not limited to: capital equipment, maintenance services, chemicals, catalyst, spare parts, utilities, professional services, information technology, travel, engineering services and environmental services. The vast majority of the supply base is located in North America and Western Europe. The extended supply chain is exponentially greater than the number of suppliers CF utilizes. The spend varies from year-to-year but generally is in the range of more than $1 billion per year. In addition, the Procurement and Material Control team manages warehouses and the corresponding inventory of spare parts to support manufacturing operations. CF’s primary raw material, natural gas, is delivered to its nine production locations by pipeline. North American operations have a dedicated natural gas management organization that procures natural gas for delivery to the plants, manages price risk through physical contracts and financial derivatives, and manages natural gas transportation contracts to deliver gas from nearby hubs to the plants. At CF Fertilisers U.K., these functions are embedded within the supply organization. In total, gas is procured from approximately 25 counterparties, all of whom are either natural gas production and exploration companies or major natural gas marketing companies, using a mix of term contracts and monthly spot purchases. New suppliers are added from time to time, but the supply base tends to change slowly. The cost of natural gas procured varies with fertilizer production and the market price of gas and has averaged about $1 billion per year in recent years. Our transportation organization manages outbound freight services, leasing of transportation equipment and terminal operations, and related services, for which the company spends approximately $500 million per year. Products are shipped from CF’s plants, terminals and leased facilities by river barge, rail, truck, ocean-going vessel and pipeline. In some cases, our customers arrange truck or marine transportation from our facilities to their own.
EXTERNAL INITIATIVES. 
Global Reporting Initiative Signatory to the UN (United Nations) Global Compact Sustainability Accounting Standards Board United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals – See 2021 Corporate ESG Report Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. 
STATEMENT FROM SENIOR DECISION-MAKER. 
See 2021 ESG Report, pages 2-4. 
KEY IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, “Item 1 Business,” pages 1-11 and Risk Factors,” pages 12-26.
See 2021 Annual Report, “Letter to Shareholders,” pages 2-6.
See 2021 ESG Report, “About the Company” pages 7-9 and “Energy, Emissions & Climate Change,” pages 19-27.
MEMBERSHIP OF ASSOCIATIONS 4R Plus U.K. Agricultural Industries Confederation Agricultural Nutrient Policy Council Agricultural Retailers Association American Benefits Council American Coalition for Ethanol American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers American Ammonia Energy Association Business Council for International Understanding Business Institute for Political Analysis (BIPAC) Carbon Capture Coalition Center for Chemical Process Safety Center for Hydrogen Safety. 
Chemical Industry Council of Illinois CHWMEG: Globally Promoting Responsible Waste Stewardship Climate Leadership Council Fertilizer Canada Field to Market Global Compact Network USA, Inc. Hydrogen Council Hydrogen Forward Industrial Energy Consumers of America Institute of Chemical Engineers International Audit Practice Consortium International Fertilizer Association Multiple Pathways Initiative National Association for EHS&S Management National Association of Manufacturers National Industrial Transportation League. 
National Safety Council National Waterways Conference North East Process Industries Cluster One Acre Fund Resources for the Future ResponsibleAg The Business Roundtable The Fertilizer Institute The Institute of Internal Auditors U.K. Chemical Industries Association Waterways Council, Inc. Women in Agribusiness World Business Council for Sustainable Development World Economic Forum CF also belongs to various other state and local business associations.
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES TO THE ORGANIZATION AND ITS SUPPLY CHAIN. 
No significant changes occurred during this reporting period.
PRECAUTIONARY PRINCIPLE OR APPROACH. 
CF supports a precautionary approach through our comprehensive risk management program and environmental, health, safety, and security programs.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management,” pages 26-27. See also CF’s Environmental, Health, Safety and Security Policy. See also 2021 ESG Report, “Culture of Environment, Health and Safety Excellence,” page 30.
102-9 102-12 102-14 102-15 102-13 102-10 102-11 102 STRATEGY. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 52 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


VALUES, PRINCIPLES, STANDARDS AND NORMS OF BEHAVIOR. 
Our Values https://www.cfindustries.com/who-we-are/our-values 2021 Code of Corporate Conduct https://www.cfindustries.com/globalassets/cf-industries/cfcodeofcorporateconduct.pdf Policies addressing values, principles, standards, and norms https://www.cfindustries.com/sustainability-at-cf-industries/policies Corporate Governance www.cfindustries.com/sustainability-at-cf-industries/corporate-governance. 
DELEGATING AUTHORITY. 
In October 2020, our Board of Directors established a new committee, the Environmental Sustainability and Community Committee. The purpose of the Environmental Sustainability and Community committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to the strategies, goals, objectives, policies and practices, and related risks that pertain to energy, emissions and climate change, food security, product stewardship, public advocacy, community engagement, and charitable contributions (“ESC Committee Matters”). The environmental sustainability and community committee’s responsibilities include considering, reviewing and monitoring the company’s general strategy and objectives relating to ESC Committee Matters; assessing the effectiveness of and advising the Board on the company’s programs and initiatives related to ESC Committee Matters; reviewing and discussing current and emerging trends with respect to ESC Committee Matters; and discussing and reviewing with management the company’s identification, assessment and management of risks associated with ESC Committee Matters. The environmental sustainability and community committee also reviews the goals established from time to time with respect to ESC Committee Matters, assesses the company’s sustainability performance and progress towards its goals and strategic objectives, and oversees the company’s external reporting on ESC Committee Matters, including the ESG report and the sustainability report. The committee met five times in 2021.
The Board’s Compensation and Management Development Committee has oversight of I&D and employee well-being initiatives. See also 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance -- Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management,” pages 26-29; and “Corporate Governance -- Our Approach to Human Capital Management,” pages 27-31.
See 2021 ESG Report, page 42, for Board Oversight of ESG Performance, Strategy and Goals and page 43, Management Oversight of ESG Goals. See also 2021 ESG Report, page 32, EHS Governance.
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 2022 Proxy Statement, pages 12-16 and 23-35 See CF’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
MECHANISMS FOR ADVICE AND CONCERNS ABOUT ETHICS. 
See 2021 Code of Corporate Conduct, pages 5-6 102-16 102-19 102-18 102-17 102 ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 102 GOVERNANCE. 
We outline EHS expectations in our EHS Policy and EHS Management Manual.
We monitor our safety performance using a number of key metrics, including injury rates, near miss and hazard identification reports, and safety leadership activities. Every two weeks, leaders of our locations meet specifically to discuss EHS performance, challenges, and issues on a conference call. Local teams regularly share suggestions and approaches to improve safety on these calls. When an EHS incident occurs, we investigate root causes and define a new standard procedure that we then roll out across all plants. An EHS Steering Committee, comprised of the EHS Managers of our locations, sets Company EHS Standards and ensures business alignment, promotes shared practices and helps drive harmonization of EHS processes, and ensures continuous innovation and improvement of our EHS systems. EHS Councils create internal networking opportunities to share best practice ideas and lessons learned and to review incident/near-miss data trends to identify improvement opportunities. We also benchmark externally via various professional associations and engage external stakeholders at certain locations to evaluate our workplace safety and health culture.
Our Vice President, Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality, reports to the Senior Vice President of Manufacturing and Distribution, who provides briefings to the CF Industries Board of Directors at every meeting. Our corporate EHS programs are also supported by a team of auditors who conduct audits and facilitate best practices across all CF operations.
EXECUTIVE-LEVEL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL TOPICS. 
See GRI Disclosure 102-19 – Delegating authority 102-20. 
CONSULTING STAKEHOLDERS ON ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL TOPICS. 
We believe that building positive relationships with our shareholders is critical to CF Industries’ success. We value the views of, and regularly communicate with, our shareholders on a variety of topics, such as our financial performance, environmental, social, and governance initiatives, executive compensation, human capital management, environmental sustainability, community relations, and related matters. Management shares the feedback received from shareholders with the Board. Our chairman, our committee chairs, and other members of the Board may also be available to participate in meetings with shareholders as appropriate. Requests for such a meeting are considered on a case-by-case basis. Our engagement activities have resulted in valuable feedback that has contributed to our decision-making with respect to these matters.
We conduct shareholder outreach campaigns in the spring and in the fall. Our engagements in the spring are primarily focused on ballot items up for a shareholder vote at our annual meeting. Our engagements in the fall generally focus on voting outcomes from our prior annual meeting — including direct shareholder feedback on how they voted on ballot items — as well as our environmental, social, and governance activities and initiatives. The fall engagement also presents an opportunity to discuss with shareholders developments in their methodologies and analyses and potential future areas of focus.
In both the spring of 2021 leading up to our 2021 annual meeting and during the fall of 2021 following our 2021 annual meeting, we contacted shareholders comprising approximately 75% of our outstanding shares to invite them to engage with us. Combined, we engaged with shareholders representing approximately 29% of our outstanding shares, discussing with these shareholders the ballot items and voting outcomes from our 2021 annual meeting as well as general governance, compensation, corporate responsibility and sustainability matters.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, page 8 and 34.
102-21. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 53 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


COMPOSITION OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY AND ITS COMMITTEES. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Proposal 1: Election of Directors -- Our Director Nominees”, page 6; “Proposal 1: Election of Directors -- Criteria for Board Membership”, page 14; “Corporate Governance – Director Independence,” page 23; “Corporate Governance – Leadership of the Board,” page 23; “Corporate Governance – Committees of the Board,” pages 24-26.
CHAIR OF THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY. 
The Board has determined that the most effective leadership structure is to maintain an independent Board chair role separate from the chief executive officer.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance – Leadership of the Board”, pages 23-24. 
NOMINATING AND SELECTING THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Director Nominees,” page 12; “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Director Succession Planning and Nomination Process,” pages 12-13; “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Criteria for Board Membership,” pages 14-15. 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST. 
The Board has made an affirmative determination that all of our non-employee directors who served in 2021 or are currently serving as directors and all of our non-employee director nominees have no material relationship with CF Industries or any of its (other than, as applicable, being a director and shareholder of CF Industries) and, accordingly, meet the applicable requirements for “independence” set forth in the NYSE’s listing standards. CF’s Code of Corporate Conduct provides guidance on examples of conflicts of interest, expectations for all levels of the organization and related persons and how to disclose potential conflicts.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance – Director Independence,” page 23 and “Policy Regarding Related Person Transactions,” pages 39-40. 
See also CF’s Code of Corporate Conduct, pages 12-15 102-22 102-23 102-24 102-25. 
Our four distinct ESG dimensions are the result of learnings from direct engagement with our shareholders and other key stakeholders. CF Industries believes in fostering open dialogue with all our stakeholders, including investors, employees and prospective employees, customers, farmers, policymakers, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), suppliers, trade associations and the communities where we operate. We identify relevant stakeholders as those individuals and/or groups that our people, facilities, and products impact significantly. Examples of stakeholder engagement include: ▷ Investor calls/conferences ▷ Customer and supplier meetings/events ▷ Dialogue with local community leaders ▷ Shareholder outreach campaigns ▷ Membership in industry groups and coalitions ▷ Participation in industry events/conferences ▷ Partnerships with NGOs ▷ Engagement with government officials ▷ Employee surveys and town hall meetings. 
We undertake ongoing reviews of our stakeholder engagement. To support part of our strategy to leverage our unique capabilities to accelerate the world’s transition to clean energy, we have expanded the group of stakeholders with which we engage on environment, clean energy and sustainability issues. This includes joining the Hydrogen Council in 2021 and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the Climate Leadership Council in early 2022.
See 2021 ESG Report, “CF Industries’ Approach to ESG & Sustainability, page 12.
ROLE OF HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY IN SETTING PURPOSE, VALUES AND STRATEGY. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, pages 26-29 102-26. 
COLLECTIVE KNOWLEDGE OF HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Criteria for Board Membership,” pages 14-15 and “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Summary of Director Core Competencies,” page 16. 
EVALUATING THE HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY’S PERFORMANCE. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, page 24. 
IDENTIFYING AND MANAGING ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL IMPACTS. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance – Board Oversight of Strategy and Risk Management,” pages 26-27; “Corporate Governance – Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability,” pages 30-32 102-27 102-28 102-29. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 54 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


REMUNERATION POLICIES. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, pages 34-35, 44-91. 
PROCESS FOR DETERMINING REMUNERATION. 
For directors, see 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance – Director Compensation,” pages 34-35. 
For named executive officers, see 2022 Proxy Statement, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” pages 52-75; “Compensation and Management Development Committee Report,” page 76; and “Executive Compensation,” pages 77-91. 
STAKEHOLDERS’ INVOLVEMENT IN REMUNERATION. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Compensation Program Overview – Shareholder Engagement,” page 33. 
EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT PROCESSES. 
Management of risk, including process safety and environmental risk, extends from our plant-level managers to the CF Board of Directors. A corporate risk management group leads an annual assessment process that includes extensive research and scoring methodology to identify and rank risks. Material risks are assigned to members of CF’s senior management team, who are responsible for risk monitoring and mitigation. The Board of Directors focuses on the adequacy of our risk management process and the effectiveness of our overall risk management program.
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Criteria for Board Membership,” pages 14-15; “Proposal 1: Election of Directors – Summary of Director Core Competencies,” page 16. 
NATURE AND TOTAL NUMBER OF CRITICAL CONCERNS. 
CF treats this as confidential information.
REVIEW OF ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL TOPICS. 
See GRI Disclosure 102-26 – Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values and strategy. 
See GRI Disclosure 102-27 – Collective knowledge of highest governance body; 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting. 
HIGHEST GOVERNANCE BODY’S ROLE IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING. 
The Board of Directors reviews our sustainability reporting so that directors may provide input. Our sustainability reports are presented annually to the environmental sustainability and community committee for review.
COMMUNICATING CRITICAL CONCERNS. 
See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Corporate Governance – Communications with Directors,” pages 33-34 and “Corporate Governance – Shareholder Engagement,” page 33 102-35 102-36 102-37 102-30 102-34 102-31 102-32 102-33. 
ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO. 
Ratio of the annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country.
PERCENTAGE INCREASE IN ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO. 
Ratio of percentage increase in annual total compensation for the organization’s highest-paid individual in each country of significant operations to the median percentage increase in annual total compensation for all employees (excluding the highest-paid individual) in the same country.
Employee annual total compensation, for purposes of this calculation, includes base salary, actual bonus paid and total target fair value of all annual long-term incentives granted for the reporting period. Due to the variability of the annual earnings for our hourly workforce and our performance-based compensation, the annual total compensation ratios can differ significantly from year-to-year. See 2022 Proxy Statement, page 91. 
Employee annual total compensation, for purposes of this calculation, includes base salary, actual bonus paid and total target fair value of all annual long-term incentives from the prior and current reporting periods. Due to the variability of the annual earnings for our hourly workforce and our performance based compensation, the annual total compensation ratios can differ significantly from year-to-year. In addition, we estimate the percentage increase in our CEO’s annual total compensation for the reporting year calculated in accordance with SEC rules was 75 times that of our overall company median employee. See 2022 Proxy Statement, “Executive Compensation – CEO Pay Ratio,” page 91 102-38 102-39. 
Location Annual Increase Ratio. 
U.S. -1:1. 
Canada 2:1. 
U.K. 11:1. 
Location Annual Increase Ratio. 
U.S. 89:1. 
Canada 4:1. 
U.K. 5:1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 55 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Stakeholder Key Topics and Concerns. 
Investors Business performance, commodity market trends, regulatory risks, environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters. 
Farmers Farm profitability, crop yield, soil quality, conservation. 
Employees Operational safety, business stability, compensation and benefits, professional training. 
Customers Product quality, product distribution, logistics capabilities. 
Community Members Business stability, job creation, community safety, local economic development, environmental impacts. 
Policy Makers Business stability, job creation, regulatory risks, community safety, environmental impacts, community safety. 
NGOs Environmental impacts, regulatory risks, community safety, soil quality, conservation, sustainability. 
Trade Associations Business stability, regulatory risks, sustainability. 
LIST OF STAKEHOLDER GROUPS. 
We believe in fostering open communication with relevant stakeholders, including investors, customers, employees, farmers, policymakers, government officials, non-governmental organizations, suppliers and our communities. We engage with each group through appropriate channels and on issues that matter most to them.
COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS. 
Approximately 15 percent of CF’s total workforce were covered by a collective bargaining agreement during the reporting period. Collective bargaining agreements only cover U.K. employees.
IDENTIFYING AND SELECTING STAKEHOLDERS. 
We identify relevant stakeholders as those individuals and/or groups that our people, plants, and products significantly impact. We also take into consideration the entire lifecycle of our products even though we may not be directly responsible for impacts in the downstream value chain. CF engages in ongoing reviews of relevant stakeholders and, in 2021, has expanded the stakeholders with which we engage to increase our activities and impact, particularly related to issue on environment, clean energy and sustainability, as well as diversity and inclusion.
APPROACH TO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT. 
See GRI Disclosure 102-40 – List of stakeholder groups 102-40 102-41 102-42 102-43 102-44 KEY TOPICS AND CONCERNS RAISED 102 STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT. 
ENTITIES INCLUDED IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
See Exhibit 21 to the 2021 Form 10-K. 
DEFINING REPORT CONTENT AND TOPIC BOUNDARIES. 
The content of this report has been compiled based upon a review and analysis of industry material issues; benchmarking against industry peers; engaging regularly with our stakeholders; and surveying GRI Standards topics. Reporting boundaries are all wholly owned and operated operations.
LIST OF MATERIAL TOPICS. 
See 2021 ESG Report, pages 10-15. 
RESTATEMENTS OF INFORMATION. 
Restatements are footnoted throughout this report as they appear.
CHANGES IN REPORTING. 
There have been no significant changes to material topics since the last reporting period.
REPORTING PERIOD. 
The year ended December 31st, 2021.
102-45 102-46 102-47 102-48 102-49 102-50 102 REPORTING PRACTICES. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 56 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


DATE OF MOST RECENT REPORT 2021. 
REPORTING CYCLE. 
Annual on calendar year. 
CONTACT POINT FOR QUESTIONS REGARDING THE REPORT. 
Corp_communications@cfindustries.com. 
CLAIMS OF REPORTING IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE GRI STANDARDS. 
This report has been prepared in accordance with GRI Standards: Comprehensive Option.
GRI CONTENT INDEX. 
This document is organized by GRI disclosures and serves as our GRI Content Index.
EXTERNAL ASSURANCE. 
We do not seek external assurance for this report.
102-51 102-52 102-53 102-54 102-55 102-56. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 57 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Topic-specific Standards ECONOMIC 201 ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topic: Community Relations, Code: RT-CH-210a.1. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 30-34. 
DIRECT ECONOMIC VALUE GENERATED AND DISTRIBUTED. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, page 1. 
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE RECEIVED FROM THE GOVERNMENT. 
F Industries complies with tax law and practice in all of the territories in which we operate. Compliance means paying the right amount of tax, in the right place, at the right time, and involves disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances to the tax authorities and claiming reliefs and incentives where available.
In structuring our commercial activities, we will consider – among other factors – the tax laws of the countries within which we operate with a view to maximizing value on a sustainable basis for our shareholders. Any tax planning undertaken will have commercial and economic substance and will have regard to the potential impact on our reputation and broader goals. We will not undertake planning that is contrived or artificial.
Given the scale of our business and volume of tax obligations, risks will inevitably arise from time to time in relation to the interpretation of tax law and nature of our compliance arrangements. We proactively seek to identify, evaluate, manage and monitor these risks with the objective of minimizing tax risk. Where there is significant uncertainty or complexity in relation to a risk, external advice may be sought.
We engage with tax authorities, with honesty, integrity, respect and fairness and in a spirit of cooperative compliance. We strive to be open with tax authorities, to provide prompt and up-to-date information about how we manage our tax responsibilities, and to ensure our relationship with tax authorities is efficient and effective for both parties.
In addition, on September 15, 2021, we announced the halt of operations at both our Ince and Billingham manufacturing facilities in the United Kingdom due to negative profitability driven by the high cost of natural gas. The halt of operations at our U.K. plants impacted the availability of certain products in the United Kingdom, including carbon dioxide, which is a byproduct of ammonia production. Due to the critical nature of carbon dioxide to certain industries in the United Kingdom, on September 21, 2021, we entered into an interim agreement with the U.K. government. Under the terms of the agreement, the U.K. government agreed to cover the costs to restart the ammonia plant at Billingham and to offset losses incurred from production for a 21-day period. As a result, we resumed production of ammonia at the Billingham facility in order to produce carbon dioxide for the United Kingdom. While the interim agreement was in place, we entered into new carbon dioxide pricing and offtake agreements with our customers, which had an initial term through January 31, 2022. The amount of financial support provided by the U.K. government under the terms of the interim agreement was not material.
FINANCIAL IMPLICATIONS AND OTHER RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES DUE TO CLIMATE CHANGE. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 2, 8-10 and 22-24. 
DEFINED BENEFIT PLAN OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER RETIREMENT PLANS. 
CF employees are eligible to participate in a pension plan as well as a 401(k) or equivalent plan. We maintain five funded pension plans, consisting of three in North America (one U.S. plan and two Canadian plans) and two in the U.K. Both Canadian plans are closed to new employees, and the two U.K. plans are closed to new employees and future accruals. The portion of the U.S. plan that is open to new employees is a cash balance plan, which provides benefits based on years of service and interest credits. Our current funding levels as of the December 31 reporting year are 96 percent for North America and 85.6 percent for the U.K. In addition to our qualified defined benefit pension plans, we maintain certain nonqualified supplemental pension plans for highly compensated employees as defined under federal law. We also provide group medical insurance benefits to certain retirees in North America. The specific medical benefits provided to retirees vary by group and location.
103-1,2,3 201-1 201-4 201-2 201-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 58 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


202 MARKET PRESENCE 203 INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Many of the communities in which we operate are relatively small and in rural locations, where we are often the largest employer and contributor to the local tax base. For plants in operation, we provide well-paid positions with salaries that are often well above the standard salaries in the area. As an example, starting salaries at our nitrogen complexes average $56,600 per year and increase, with full certification, to $87,800. For every new direct position created, we estimate seven indirect jobs are created in the local community. When we undertake major maintenance projects, such as turnarounds, or expand a nitrogen complex, we create additional significant positive economic impacts. Our in-kind and monetary donations and employee volunteerism help develop young people and strengthen communities where we operate. Our community giving strategy is locally focused and designed to benefit the 30-plus North American and U.K. communities where our manufacturing and distribution facilities are located. The nature of our support depends on the needs of each community and falls within four strategic focus areas: • Environmental Sustainability – Protecting and caring for the land and natural resources that feed and fuel our communities. • Healthy Food Access – Improving access to nutritious, affordable foods that members of all communities – including low-income communities and communities of color – need to grow and thrive. • STEM Education and Awareness – Helping people of all backgrounds, genders and races across education and career development in the areas that will support our clean and sustainable future. • Local Community Advancement – Making a difference in local communities where CF employees live and work, while addressing the needs of marginalized cultural groups and supporting first responders In addition, we provide all regular, full-time CF employees one full day of Volunteer Time Off (VTO) per year for a qualified charitable organization or cause. We also take into consideration the safety needs of communities immediately surrounding our facilities. We work closely with emergency responders and other local officials to develop detailed emergency response plans that extend beyond our physical plants. Our community safety activities include sponsoring hazardous material safety training; donating equipment for local emergency responders; and hosting regular community open houses with facility tours and safety presentations.
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 202 – Market Presence – Management Approach. 
INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS AND SERVICES SUPPORTED. 
During 2021, we enhanced our efforts by organizing our corporate giving philosophy around four key pillars: environmental sustainability, STEM education and awareness, health food access and local community advancement. These pillars serve as our guidepost for our charitable giving philosophy.
See 2021 Sustainability Report, “Charitable Giving,” page 36.
SIGNIFICANT INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS. 
See 2021 ESG Report, “Our Workplaces & Communities,” page 28-35 and “Food Security & Product Stewardship,” pages 36-38. See also 2021 Sustainability Report, “Inclusion, Diversity & Equity at CF Industries,” pages 25-28, “Community,” page 35, and “Charitable Giving,” page 36.
Proportion of senior management hired from the local community: 2021: 83% 2020: 60% 2019: 75%
As a matter of practice, we will “hire from within wherever possible.” For senior leader roles, if no internal candidates are identified, a search will be conducted externally to find the best candidate for the leader role. The hire may or may not come from one of the communities where we have a local presence. Candidates may be supported with relocation assistance. We define local as within a reasonable travel distance to the site.
Globally, senior leaders are defined as those individuals who are at the management level Director or above. 
In the U.K., the apprentices are the only employees paid minimum wage.
RATIOS OF STANDARD ENTRY LEVEL WAGE BY GENDER COMPARED TO LOCAL MINIMUM WAGE 103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 203-1 203-2 202-2 202-1. 
Significant Operations Local Minimum Wage CF Entry Level Wages CF Entry-Level Wages Relative to Local Minimum Wage. 
US Range/HR (USD) $7.25 - $15.20 $21.50 - $27.38 (hourly) $27.76 - $30.29 (Salary) 288%
Canada Range/HR (CAD) $11.81 - $15.00 $29.43 - $36.20 (Hourly) $27.97 - $32.11 (Salary) 292%
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 59 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


204 PROCUREMENT PRACTICES. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
We ask all suppliers to abide by CF’s Third-Party Code of Conduct as part of the purchase agreements. Prescreening of our suppliers is critical to maintaining our EHS performance and culture. CF works with third parties in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom to assist CF with supplier prescreening and evaluation of key supplier EHS programs. All suppliers that come onto CF sites are trained on site-specific expectations and held to the same EHS standards as we hold ourselves.
In 2021, we started to engage suppliers and service providers, initially representing 50% percent of the Company’s total procurement and supply chain expenditure, and assess their commitment to and performance in key ESG areas. To date we have assessed a number of our key suppliers and service providers, and we will continue to work towards our target in through 2022. Once assessed, ESG performance of these key suppliers and service providers will become a key performance indicator and will be fully embedded into supplier performance management at CF.
In 2022 we also will be conducting a procurement sustainability maturity review, which we will use to prioritize and set objectives for our teams to further improve sustainable procurement in CF.
PROPORTION OF SPENDING ON LOCAL SUPPLIERS. 
Proportion of spending on local suppliers Percentage of the procurement budget used for significant locations of operation spent on suppliers local to that operation (such as percentage of products and services purchased locally): 2021: 51.4% 2020: 54.26%
Geographic definition of “local”: • Spend is made with suppliers within a 50-mile / 81-kilometer radius from the site based on postal code; • Utilities serving the facility are within the 50-mile / 81-kilometer radius; • For suppliers that have multiple offices or non-local mailboxes (e.g., Siemens), we include the supplier office; serving the CF site if it is located within the 50-mile / 81-kilometer radius is included; • Service providers with the majority of employees residing within 50-mile / 81-kilometer; and, • Employee reimbursements are not included. Does not include natural gas. 
As of the December 31st reporting year 2021, CF spent a total of approximately $657 million (51.4%) on local suppliers – shown below (in USD).
103-1,2,3 204-1. 
Local Supplier Spending (USD)
Site Local Spend Total Spend 2021 % Local Spend. 
Courtright 20,810,943 55,498,846 37.5%
Deerfield 47,634,807 115,057,086 41.4%
Donaldsonville 357,619,975 460,420,988 77.7%
Medicine Hat 20,782,743 53,818,891 38.6%
Port Neal 52,972,176 166,130,724 31.9%
Verdigris 52,023,225 114,985,122 45.2%
Woodward 5,156,591 38,698,980 13.3%
Yazoo City 14,812,037 62,755,302 23.6%
Ince 29,602,394 111,118,563 26.6%
Billingham 55,403,528 98,927,208 56.0%
Total 656,818,419 1,277,411,710 51.4%
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 60 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


205 ANTI-CORRUPTION. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
CF promotes a high-integrity culture that guides our day-to-day work and applies to every aspect of our operations, from putting safety first to conducting business in an ethical manner to serving our customers responsively and reliably. We are committed to doing the right thing, every time, in all of our business dealings. CF’s commitment to ethical behavior is captured in CF’s Code of Corporate Conduct, which applies to all directors, officers and employees, all of whom participate in our code of conduct and anticorruption training annually. In addition, all employees must acknowledge receiving and reading our EHS policy. Our sales professionals are also required to complete annual anti-trust training.
OPERATIONS ASSESSED FOR RISKS RELATED TO CORRUPTION. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, page 19. 
See 2021 Code of Corporate Conduct, pages 22-23. 
COMMUNICATION AND TRAINING ABOUT ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. 
All CF employees participate in annual code of conduct and anti-corruption training.
See Anti-corruption Compliance Policy. 
See 2021 Code of Corporate Conduct, pages 22-23. 
CONFIRMED INCIDENTS OF CORRUPTION AND ACTIONS TAKEN. 
This information is not released due to confidentiality constraints 103-1,2,3 205-1 205-2 205-3 206 ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR 207 TAX. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 205 – Anti-Corruption – Management Approach. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 21-22. 
TAX GOVERNANCE, CONTROL, AND RISK MANAGEMENT. 
We maintain internal controls and transparency with global tax authorities, and we share information relevant to our business operations and tax profile. We augment this transparency through country-by-country reporting, as required under the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development’s action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting. In addition, the tax function is reviewed as part of our internal controls audit and by our external auditor, KPMG. Our income tax policy is overseen by our Vice President of Tax, who reports to the Chief Financial Officer.
LEGAL ACTIONS FOR ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR, ANTI-TRUST AND MONOPOLY PRACTICES. 
There were no legal actions pending or completed during the reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior or violations of anti-trust or monopoly legislation in which the company was identified as a participant.
APPROACH TO TAX. 
CF Industries operates principally in the United States, as well as in Canada and the U.K. We are committed to complying with all tax laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we do business. We are a current income tax payer, both within and outside the US, bringing value to the countries in which we operate.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF CONCERNS RELATED TO TAX. 
CF Industries is committed to complying will all applicable laws and regulations relating to its tax activities and adhering to this tax strategy. Company management maintains an open and honest relationship with the tax authorities based on efficiency and integrity. The Company applies diligence and care in the management of the processes and procedures by which all tax-related activities are undertaken and ensures that its tax governance is appropriate.
For more information on how income taxation impacts CF Industries, see 2021 Form 10-K, pages 21-22. The processes for collecting and considering the views and concerns of stakeholders, including external stakeholders is not released due to confidentiality constraints.
103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 207-2 206-1 207-1 207-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 61 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


301 MATERIALS. 
COUNTRY-BY-COUNTRY REPORTING. 
This information is not released due to confidentiality constraints.
CF Industries complies with country-by-country reporting as required by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Our primary fertilizer products are ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) and ammonium nitrate (AN). We also produce Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF), which helps reduce emissions from combustion engines in trucks. The primary input for these nitrogen- based crop nutrients is natural gas and other chemicals and additives. All products and input materials are reviewed to ensure proper storage, handling, and use. Employees are trained on these areas and appropriate policies/procedures have been implemented to ensure the safe and environmentally responsible use of materials. The safety and environmental stewardship of chemicals is a material issue that is addressed under our Food Security and Product Stewardship dimension. The majority of our products are sold in bulk for use in agricultural and industrial applications. Likewise, our primary input materials area also received in bulk. Accordingly, the use of packaging is not material. CF Industries participates in the global product stewardship standard, “Protect & Sustain,” developed by the International Fertilizer Association (IFA). Protect & Sustain covers the specific quality, environmental, health and safety aspects of the ISO 9001 and 14001, as well as the OHSAS 18001 certifications. The IFA standard also has many points in common with Responsible Care 14001, which addresses the whole chemical industry. What makes Protect & Sustain unique is that it is tailored for fertilizers and it is the only certification that includes product security.
RECYCLED INPUT MATERIALS USED. 
This disclosure is not material to our products or operations.
MATERIALS USED BY WEIGHT OR VOLUME. 
Natural gas makes up 95 to 97 percent of CF raw materials and the remainder are chemicals and other additives.
RECLAIMED PRODUCTS AND THEIR PACKAGING MATERIALS. 
This disclosure is not material to our products since the majority are sold in bulk.
207-4 103-1,2,3 301-2 301-1 301-3 302 ENERGY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topic: Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Code: RT-CH-110a.2. 
Our natural gas-based nitrogen production process is more energy efficient and results in lower emissions than the coal-based processes used in other parts of the world, such as China. The manufacturing of our products, however, uses the Haber-Bosch process to convert natural gas and atmospheric nitrogen into ammonia and is an energy-intensive process. Each year, we make significant capital investments in our manufacturing and distribution facilities to improve energy efficiency, safety and reliability. In addition, capital expenditures have included voluntary investments in carbon capture and nitrous oxide abatement technologies that reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In the agriculture sector, land use is the greatest GHG emissions contributor. Fertilizers improve crop yields, up to 30% for some plants, meaning less land is required to grow the same amount of food for the growing world population. This, in turn, reduces the amount of carbon-sequestering forests converted into farmland. In addition, our DEF also improves fuel efficiency in heavy duty trucks by up to 5 percent. Our focus on energy efficiency extends to our distribution network that is designed to move product over greater distances with less impact. CF distribution facilities are located close to North America’s major crop-growing regions. With multiple transport modes available, we typically utilize the options that make the most sense in terms of fuel efficiency and carbon footprint. In some instances, we are also able to move ammonia through pipeline, which in most cases, is more energy and cost-efficient than truck, barge or rail transport.
ENERGY CONSUMPTION WITHIN THE ORGANIZATION. 
SASB Topic: Energy Management, Code: RT-CH-130a.1. 
Total natural gas consumption during the reporting period was 352,470,220 GJ of natural gas. Total electricity consumption, including purchased and self-generated, during the reporting period was 2,451,815 MWh, of which 36 percent came from renewable energy sources.
ENERGY CONSUMPTION OUTSIDE THE ORGANIZATION. 
Energy consumed outside the organization is currently unavailable. However, energy consumption outside of the organization is unlikely to be material as it is a minor contributor to our Scope 3 greenhouse gas assessment.
103-1,2,3 302-1 302-2. 
ENERGY INTENSITY 302-3 2021 2020 2019. 
Gas 352,470,220 384,104,233 380,274,368. 
Gross Ammonia Production (Metric Ton) 8,481,397 9,391,681 9,295,111. 
Energy Intensity 41.56 40.9 40.91. 
Topic-specific Standards Environment. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 62 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


REDUCTION OF ENERGY CONSUMPTION. 
Natural gas consumption decreased by 31,634,012 GJ from 2020 to 2021. Consumption is largely a function of production volumes. CF’s energy efficiency improvements are part of a broader strategic business plan designed to help us meet or exceed productivity, reliability and profitability requirements. This plan includes strategies for lowering purchased energy consumption through more efficient processes and improved procurement strategies.
REDUCTIONS IN ENERGY REQUIREMENTS OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. 
The majority of energy use related to our products occurs in the manufacturing phase of the product lifecycle. The majority of products are commodity fertilizers used in agricultural applications. We actively promote the 4R Plus Nutrient Stewardship program that utilizes sciencebased best management practices for fertilizer application to achieve specific cropping system goals, while improving agricultural and energy efficiency.
302-4 302-5 303 WATER AND EFFLUENTS. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topic: Water Management, Code: RT-CH-140a.3. 
CF is committed to being good stewards with respect to our manufacturing inputs, including water. CF uses water for many purposes at our manufacturing sites, including steam generation, driving turbines, keeping equipment at necessary temperatures, and as a raw material additive for products such as aqua ammonia and DEF. We measure and monitor 100 percent of our major facilities’ water withdrawals using either invoices or meter data. We also measure and monitor 100 percent of our major facilities’ water discharges using either invoices, meter data, or engineering estimates. Increasing widespread adoption of practices to reduce downstream fertilizer use impacts on the environment, including on water systems, is also an important goal for CF and we have long worked with multiple partners to advance awareness and farm-level adoption of nutrient stewardship practices, including the “4Rs” of nutrient application – applying the right nutrient source at the right rate, right time, and right place – as well as conservation measures so that crop nutrients stay on farmland and out of adjacent water bodies. In 2021, CF has continued its strong involvement in several ongoing initiatives related to nutrient stewardship, and also added new partnerships and initiatives to accelerate progress. • Ongoing Industry-Wide Action on Nutrient Stewardship. Proper nutrient stewardship is critical to reducing the environment impacts of fertilizer use, while ensuring strong crop yields and food security while limiting pressures for deforestation. CF has long been involved with our key industry associations, including The Fertilizer Institute and Fertilizer Canada, to boost farm-level adoption of the core 4R nutrient stewardship practices. • Focused 4RPlus Education Program. For the past six years, CF Industries has played a leading role in supporting 4R Plus, a program coordinated by The Nature Conservancy with over 60 partner organizations designed to increase awareness and understanding among Iowa’s farmers and crop advisers of 1) 4R Nutrient Stewardship practices, and 2) conservation techniques4. Over this six-year period, the 4R Plus program has developed and provided materials and educated farmers across Iowa. Based on our latest work in 2021, this program has already exceeded our goal of reaching 90,000 farmers in the state of Iowa. • Global Action on Soil Health. In 2021 we joined the Coalition of Action 4 Soil Health (CA4SH), a United Nations-inspired, multi-stakeholder effort to facilitate widespread adoption of land practices that will work to improve soil health through financial investment and policy actions.
INTERACTIONS WITH WATER AS A SHARED RESOURCE. 
CF uses water for many purposes at our manufacturing sites, including steam generation, cooling water that keeps equipment at necessary temperatures, and as a raw material additive for products such as aqua ammonia and diesel exhaust fluid (DEF). We are committed to being good stewards of this essential resource, both in our operations and near farmland where our products are applied. Each gallon of water that enters a CF plant from rivers, wells or nearby cities is reused approximately 29 times. The discharges to water from CF’s production are mainly nitrogen, which can cause eutrophication of waterways. All our production plants are subject to environmental permits and compliance with these permits and statutory requirements is a minimum expectation for all our operations. The control of discharges complies with each site’s environmental permits and is continuously monitored and reported to the local environmental authorities. The sites continue to work together with local communities and other stakeholders to discuss water quality and address water risks and issues, such as flooding emergency procedures or risks related to sources providing the main water supply. Potential water-related impacts are considered as part of regulatory permitting processes as required by local environmental regulations No significant impacts are known to have occurred, or be occurring, on receiving waters from CF’s facilities. CF has identified water management as a component of its ESG Goals which includes identification of water re-use/reduction projects and development of integrated water resource management plans as part of planned TCFD analysis.
103-1,2,3 303-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 63 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


MANAGEMENT OF WATER DISCHARGE-RELATED IMPACTS. 
Water discharges from CF facilities are monitored in accordance with the applicable regulatory standards. The following water sources are the receiving waters for facility discharges and are not significantly impacted by CF’s discharge of water:
WATER WITHDRAWAL. 
SASB Topic: Water Management, Code: RT-CH-140a.1. 
The total water withdrawal by CF during the reporting period is summarized in the table below. None of the withdrawals were from areas with water stress, based upon cross-referencing of the facility withdrawal areas against the World Resources Institute “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.” All withdrawals were of Freshwater (Total Dissolved Solids ≤ 1,000 mg/L).
• Billingham — River Tees • Courtright — St. Clair River • Donaldsonville — Mississippi River • Ince — Manchester Ship Canal • Medicine Hat — South Saskatchewan River • Port Neal — Missouri River • Verdigris — Verdigris River • Woodward — North Canadian River • Yazoo City — Yazoo River 303-2 303-3. 
Total water withdrawals (in megaliters) 2021 2020 2019. 
Third-Party water / Municipal intake 19,333 22,993 21,066. 
Surface water / River intake 101,091 100,335 102,453. 
Groundwater / Well Water intake 17,710 19,391 20,026. 
Total water withdrawal 138,134 142,719 143,545. 
Surface water breakdown (in megaliters): 2021 2020 2019. 
Freshwater (total) 101,091 100,335 102,453. 
Groundwater breakdown (in megaliters): 2021 2020 2019. 
Freshwater (total) 17,710 19,391 20,026. 
Third-party water breakdown (in megaliters): 2021 2020 2019. 
Freshwater (total) 19,333 22,993 21,066. 
Third-party water breakdown (in megaliters): 2021 2020 2019. 
Freshwater (total) 19,333 22,993 21,066. 
WATER DISCHARGE. 
The total water discharges by CF during the reporting period are summarized in the table below. No discharges were to areas of water stress, based upon cross-referencing of the facility locations against the World Resources Institute “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.” All discharges were to Freshwater (Total Dissolved Solids ≤ 1,000 mg/L).
WATER CONSUMPTION. 
SASB Topic: Water Management, Code: RT-CH-140a. The total water consumption by CF during the reporting period is summarized in the table below. None of the consumption was in areas of water stress, based upon cross-referencing of the facility locations against the World Resources Institute “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.” 303-4 303-5. 
Total water discharged to (in megaliters): 2021 2020 20191. 
Third-Party water / Municipal intake3 0 4 2. 
Surface water / River intake 77,315.00 81,745.00 81,614.00. 
Groundwater / Well Water intake3 1,713.00 1,349.00 1,508.00. 
Totals 79,028.00 83,098.00 83,124.00 1 Reported values include contributions from Distribution Facilities 2 Reported data includes more detailed classification and broader analysis of previous years’ water discharge volumes.
3 Discharges to Groundwater and Municipal / Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW) only apply to our Distribution Facilities and this data was not previously captured in 2016- 2018 GRI Content Indices.
1 Reported values include contributions from Distribution Facilities 2 Reported data includes more detailed classification and broader analysis of previous years’ water discharge volumes.
2021 2020 2019. 
Total water consumption (in megaliters) 59,103 59,621 60,420. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 64 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


304 BIODIVERSITY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Responsible stewardship of areas with high biodiversity is consistent with the principles of our environmental, health and safety management program. CF operates in compliance with regulatory requirements and under environmental emission and discharge permits. Furthermore, CF actively promotes biodiversity through the 4R Nutrient Stewardship program. This program encompasses science-based, fertilizer best management practices in fertilizer application to achieve specific cropping system goals, while protecting health, safety and the environment. By increasing the productivity of existing cropland, the 4R practices program promotes biodiversity by reducing the potential that undeveloped land is cleared and planted for crop production.
OPERATIONAL SITES OWNED, LEASED, MANAGED IN OR ADJACENT TO PROTECTED AREAS AND AREAS OF HIGH BIODIVERSITY VALUE OUTSIDE PROTECTED AREAS CF does not operate any sites in or adjacent to protected areas or areas of high biodiversity.
SIGNIFICANT IMPACTS OF ACTIVITIES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ON BIODIVERSITY. 
CF manufacturing and distribution activities do not have significant negative impacts on biodiversity. Further, there is no expansion activity that occurred during the reporting period that would have potential negative impacts on biodiversity.
HABITATS PROTECTED OR RESTORED. 
No significant projects for the protection or restoration of habitat areas were undertaken in 2021.
103-1,2,3 304-1 304-2 304-3 “IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations”
CF does not specifically manage wildlife species per the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List designations. All activities, however, are operated in accordance with the regulations established for threatened or endangered species by regulatory agencies with authority in the regions in which CF operates. The data provided summarizes the species listed by the IUCN Red List in the vicinity of each of the listed sites:
Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map 304-4. 
IUCN RED LIST OF SPECIES POSSIBLY IN THE VICINITY OF OPERATIONS (CF U.S. FACILITIES, 2022)
IUCN RED LIST DESIGNATION NUMBER OF SPECIES SPECIES. 
Donaldsonville Nitrogen Complex, Donaldsonville, LA. 
Critically Endangered 2 Ivory-billed woodpecker, Atlantic Ridley Sea Turtle. 
Endangered 3 Bumble bee, American Eel, American Elm. 
Vulnerable 12 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 16 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 617 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Port Neal Nitrogen Complex, Sergeant Bluff, IA. 
Critically Endangered 0 None. 
Endangered 10 Pallid sturgeon, Little Brown bat, Bumble bee, American Eel, Western Prairie Fringed Orchid, Forked Aster, Dakota Skipper, Blanding’s Turtle, Whooping Crane, American Elm. 
Vulnerable 12 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 17 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 522 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Verdigris Nitrogen Complex, Claremore, OK. 
Critically Endangered 1 Delaware County Cave Crayfish. 
Endangered 7 Little Brown Bat, Bumble bee, American Eel, Neosho Mucket, Western Prairie Fringed Orchid, Whooping Crane, American Elm. 
Vulnerable 14 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 22 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 619 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Woodward Nitrogen Complex, Woodward, OK. 
Critically Endangered 0 None. 
Endangered 3 Arkansas River Speckled Chub, Bumble bee, Black-footed ferret. 
Vulnerable 11 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 14 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 465 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 65 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Genetically Modified Organisms. 
Percentage of products, by revenue: 0. 
CF does not manufacture any products that use or contain GMOs.
IUCN RED LIST OF SPECIES POSSIBLY IN THE VICINITY OF OPERATIONS (CANADA AND U.K., 2022)
IUCN RED LIST DESIGNATION NUMBER OF SPECIES SPECIES. 
Courtright Nitrogen Complex, Courtright, Ontario, Canada. 
Critically Endangered 4 Rusty Patched Bumble Bee, Shortnose cisco, Tubercled Blossom, American Chestnut. 
Endangered 8 Little Brown Bat, Eastern small-footed bat, Round Hickorynut, Snuffbox, Bean Mussel, Forked Aster, Blanding’s Turtle, American Elm. 
Vulnerable 20 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 25 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 623 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Medicine Hat Nitrogen Complex, Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada. 
Critically Endangered 0 None. 
Endangered 2 Little Brown bat, Black-footed ferret. 
Vulnerable 8 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 12 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 358 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Ince Manufacturing Complex, Ince, U.K.
Critically Endangered 11 Common Skate, Atlantic Sturgeon/European Sea Sturgeon, European Eel, Balearic Shearwater, Spengler’s Freshwater Mussel, Gwyniad, Angelshark/Monkfish, K emp’s Ridley Sea Turtle, Tope Shark, Flapper Skate, Common Eagle Ray. 
Endangered 9 Freshwater Pearl Mussel, Blue Whale, Sei Whale, White-clawed Crayfish, Shortfin Mako Shark, Basking Shark, Green Sea Turtle, Fungus. 
Vulnerable 48 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 31 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 780 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Billingham Manufacturing Complex, Billingham, U.K.
Critically Endangered 8 Common Skate, Atlantic Sturgeon/European Sea Sturgeon, European Eel, Balearic Shearwater, Spengler’s Freshwater Mussel, Angelshark/Monkfish, Tope Shark, Flapper Skate. 
Endangered 8 Freshwater Pearl Mussel, Blue Whale, Sei Whale, White-clawed Crayfish, Shortfin Mako Shark, Basking Shark, Fungus. 
Vulnerable 43 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Near Threatened 32 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map. 
Least Concern 465 Available at https://www.iucnredlist.org/search/map 305 EMISSIONS. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 302 – Energy – Management Approach. 
DIRECT (SCOPE 1) GHG EMISSIONS. 
SASB Topic: Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Code: RT-CH-110a.1. 
OTHER INDIRECT (SCOPE 3) GHG EMISSIONS. 
ENERGY INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS. 
GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY 103-1,2,3 305-1 305-3 305-2 305-4 2021 2020 2019. 
Total CO2e Scope 1 Emissions (in million Tonnes CO2e) 16.6 18.2 18.4. 
Scope 1 CO2 (in million Tonnes CO2 e) 12.1 13.0 12.6. 
Scope 1 N2O (in million Tonnes CO2e) 4.5 5.1 5.7. 
Scope 1 CH4 (thousand Tonnes CO2e) 37.4 58.6 57.8 2021 2020 2019. 
CO2e Scope 2 Emissions (Tonnes) 53,370,000 59,230,000 XX 2021 2020 2019. 
CO2e Scope 2 Emissions (Tonnes) 688,228 789,037 883,682. 
Denominator 2021 2020 2019. 
GHG emissions intensity Ratio Gross Ammonia Production 1.96 1.91 1.97. 
Baseline Year (2015) = 2.28. 
In 2020, CF updated its GHG intensity calculation to better reflect the new strategy of the organization. GHG intensity is calculated as Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions/gross ammonia production. Previous intensity numbers have been updated to reflect this change in methodology.
CF has set a target to reduce total direct CO2 equivalent emissions by 25% per ton of product by 2030 (2015 baseline year).
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 66 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


EMISSIONS OF OZONE-DEPLETING SUBSTANCES (ODS)
This disclosure is not material because emissions of Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) from CF’s manufacturing and distribution facilities are negligible.
NITROGEN OXIDES (NOX), SULFUR OXIDES (SOX) AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT AIR EMISSIONS. 
SASB Topic: Air Quality, Code: RT-CH-120a.1. 
NOX (Nitrogen oxides), SOX (sulfur oxides) and Other Emissions (in Tonnes)
REDUCTION OF GHG EMISSIONS. 
SASB Topic: Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Code: RT-CH-110a.1 305-6 305-7 305-5 2021 2020 2019. 
Particulate matter 1,454 1,649 1,632. 
NOX (Nitrogen oxides) 10,462 10,762 9,984. 
SO2 29 28 29. 
VOCs (volatile organic compounds) 737 744 882. 
NH3 8,162 8,777 10,384. 
Unit: Tonnes Denominator 2021 2020. 
Total GHG reductions: Type of GHG emissions that have been reduced Direct (Scope 1) Indirect (Scope 2) 1,390,069 467,835. 
GHG emissions are linked to production, largely based on natural gas consumption in the production of ammonia. The marginal reduction between 2019 and 2020 is due to consistent and efficient operation of our production facilities. However, the reduction between 2020 and 2021 is a result of reduced production - a combination of delayed turnarounds due to COVID-19 taking place in 2021 and weather-related production outages; this reduction is not expected to be sustained in 2022.
306 EFFLUENTS AND WASTE. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
CF does not consider this to be a material topic for our operations or products. Each CF location has a robust program to properly identify, characterize, segregate, and store waste materials. Additionally, CF has developed a Waste Vendor Standard that provides a risk-based framework for evaluating vendors who receive, transport, store, re-use, recycle, treat, and/or dispose waste for CF. Each location has implemented a program to evaluate vendors managing wastes generated by the facility to assure that the vendor’s operations are being conducted lawfully and responsibly. Waste streams are evaluated to determine hazards and associated risks. In most cases, regulatory requirements dictate how the waste is characterized by the location as well as the allowable treatment and disposal technologies to be applied. The waste vendor is then evaluated to determine capability to handle the waste, historic compliance of the vendor, financial risk, waste management practices, and other criteria specific to the regulatory requirements of the region. CF treats wastewater prior to discharge as needed and in compliance with discharge permit requirements at each of its facilities. A range of treatment methods are used and vary from facility to facility. Treated water is discharged to a surface water in compliance with permitted discharge limits. See also GRI Disclosure 303 – Water and Effluents – Management Approach Routine self-assessments, internal audits, and third-party audits are conducted of the waste management systems to ensure they meet regulatory requirements and company expectations. 
WATER DISCHARGE BY QUALITY AND DESTINATION. 
See GRI Disclosure 303-2 – Water discharge CF Industries complies with country-by-country reporting as required by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. See 2021 Form 10-K, page 22 103-1,2,3 306-1. 
WASTE BY TYPE AND DISPOSAL METHOD. 
SASB Topic: Hazardous Waste Management, Code: RT-CH-150a.1. 
This disclosure is not material to our products or operations.
306-2. 
WASTE GENERATED. 
Waste is not considered a material issue for CF. Waste volumes are largely driven by maintenance and turnaround activities.
306-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 67 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


WASTE DIVERTED FROM DISPOSAL. 
Recycling or reuse of hazardous waste is subject to regulatory restrictions which vary by jurisdiction. CF does not use or own equipment to treat or transport any hazardous wastes.
306-4. 
WASTE DIRECTED TO DISPOSAL. 
Recycling or reuse of hazardous waste is subject to regulatory restrictions which vary by jurisdiction. CF does not use or own equipment to treat or transport any hazardous wastes.
306-5 307 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topics: Water Management, Code: RT-CH-140a.2 and Management of the Legal & Regulatory Environment, Code: RT-CH-530a.1 Our comprehensive EHS policy and strategy ensure that employees are trained and encouraged to incorporate environmental management into all aspects of their work. Our “Do It Right” culture permeates our business and drives excellence. Environmental issues and risks are identified and managed using a variety of tools at each location. Environmental metrics are regularly reviewed and an internal EHS Audit program helps ensure our environmental compliance obligations are met. See also 2021 Form 10-K, Environmental, Health and Safety pages 8-10 103-1,2,3. 
NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 22-24 307-1 307 ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 308 SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topics: Water Management, Code: RT-CH-140a.2 and Management of the Legal & Regulatory Environment, Code: RT-CH-530a.1 Our comprehensive EHS policy and strategy ensure that employees are trained and encouraged to incorporate environmental management into all aspects of their work. Our “Do It Right” culture permeates our business and drives excellence. Environmental issues and risks are identified and managed using a variety of tools at each location. Environmental metrics are regularly reviewed and an internal EHS Audit program helps ensure our environmental compliance obligations are met. See also 2021 Form 10-K, Environmental, Health and Safety pages 8-10 103-1,2,3. 
NON-COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
See 2021 Form 10-K, pages 22-24. 
NEW SUPPLIERS THAT WERE SCREENED USING ENVIRONMENTAL CRITERIA. 
New and existing suppliers are screened regularly utilizing a third-party service. This service screens for criminal activity, including environmental crimes. Per the CF Third Party Code of Conduct and our contractual commitments, suppliers are expected to be in full compliance with all applicable laws (including environmental laws), rules and regulations that govern the jurisdictions in which they do business. In addition, we evaluate suppliers for potential risks related to environmental compliance using supplier risk matrices. The information to complete these assessments is compiled from a variety of sources including third party market intelligence, internal supply market analyses and public news sources.
NEGATIVE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN AND ACTIONS TAKEN. 
As suppliers are screened on a regular basis, any negative impacts are mitigated and addressed as known. CF is not aware of any suppliers with any significant negative environmental impact.
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
We ask all suppliers to abide by CF’s Third Party Code of Conduct as part of the purchase agreements. Pre-screening of our suppliers is critical to maintaining our EHS performance and culture. CF works with third parties in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. to screen assist CF with supplier pre-screening and evaluation of key supplier EHS programs. All suppliers that come onto CF sites are trained on site-specific expectations and held to the same EHS standards as we hold ourselves. See GRI Disclosure 204 – Procurement Practices – Management Approach 307-1 308-1 308-2 103-1,2,3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 68 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Topic-specific Standards SOCIAL 401 EMPLOYMENT. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
In our interactions with each other, we cultivate respect, openness and trust. We foster a working environment in which employees have a voice, feel valued, are treated fairly and encouraged to offer new ideas and challenge established norms. As an example, members of CF’s senior leadership team engage with front-line employees every quarter.1 Leaders travel to CF facilities or hold town hall meetings with employees to answer questions about company performance and initiatives and gather feedback. CF’s culture attracts highly skilled individuals who are committed to our mission and who tend to stay with the company for years. We enjoy low turnover rates, while continuing to attract talented people in search of challenging careers with opportunities to develop and grow. Thanks to the expansion of new roles across the organization, we now have multiple generations of employees working side-by-side. We offer employees a safe, challenging and rewarding workplace environment, attractive salaries, competitive health, retirement and lifestyle benefits. All employees work under an incentive bonus plan that rewards them for doing things right. Employees are also eligible to participate in retirement plans such as pension, 401(k) or equivalent plans. With our 401(k) plan, the company provides a 100 percent match on the first six percent of the employee’s contribution. In addition to offering health, dental and vision plans, we offer wellness incentives for completing health activities and challenges; annual health risk assessments; on-site clinic services at most manufacturing sites; and an employee assistance program. 1 Program was curtailed in 2021 due to COVID-19-related travel restrictions. CF plans to reinstate the program when it is safe to do so.
103-1,2,3 NEW EMPLOYEE HIRES AND EMPLOYEE TURNOVER 401-1. 
New Hires Under 30 30-50 Over 50 Totals. 
Gender M F M F M F M F. 
U.S. 56 11 87 26 13 6 156 43. 
Canada 10 1 10 4 1 0 21 5. 
U.K. 15 4 9 9 1 1 25 14. 
Total 81 16 106 39 15 7 202 62. 
Turnover Under 30 30-50 Over 50 Totals. 
Gender M F M F M F M F. 
U.S. 30 8 73 21 63 13 166 42. 
Canada 9 0 9 3 14 4 32 7. 
U.K. 9 4 10 13 24 6 43 23. 
Total 48 12 92 37 101 23 241 64. 
All data in this section is as of December 31 of the reporting year. 
Data includes employees who were hired and terminated in the same year. 
Includes Regular Employees, Co-Ops, and Temporary Employees (Including Interns)
WORKFORCE BY AGE AND GENDER (ALL LOCATIONS):
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER BY AGE GROUP, GENDER AND REGION (ALL LOCATIONS)
All data in this section is as of December 31 of the reporting year.

Includes all termination types excluding release from LTD-Includes Regular Employees, Co-Ops, and Temporary Employees (including interns)
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 69 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Type of Benefit U.S. Canada. 
Health Care x x. 
Life Insurance x x. 
AD&D Insurance x x. 
Disability Coverage x x. 
Employee Assistance Program x x. 
Relocation Assistance x x. 
Defined-benefit Pension Plan x x. 
Defined-contribution Plan x x. 
Long Term Incentives x x. 
Short Term Incentive – Variable x x. 
Incentive Plan x x. 
Formal Wellness Plan x O. 
Maternity Leave x x. 
Paternity Leave o x. 
Sickness Leave x x. 
Deferred Bonus x o. 
Tuition Assistance/Education x x. 
Long Service Awards x x. 
Type of Benefit (U.K.) Apprentices Regular Workforce. 
Private Medical Insurance o x. 
Life Insurance x x. 
Critical Illness Cover x x. 
Relocation Assistance o x. 
Long Term Incentive – Equity Program o x. 
Short Term Incentive – Variable Incentive Plan o x. 
Employee Assistance Program x x. 
Statutory Leave and Payment – Sickness, Maternity, Paternity and Adoption x x. 
Organizational Leave and Payment – Sickness, Maternity, Paternity and Adoption o x. 
Statutory Parental Leave x x. 
Holiday Leave and Pay x x. 
Pension Scheme x x. 
Long Service Awards o x. 
BENEFITS PROVIDED TO FULL-TIME EMPLOYEES THAT ARE NOT PROVIDED TO TEMPORARY OR PART-TIME EMPLOYEES. 
In the United States and Canada, CF provides competitive compensation and bonus opportunities for jobs in all disciplines at our sites based on company and individual performance. Benefits are not restricted to those who work full-time only, some are provided to those who work part-time as well. In addition, CF Industries contributes toward retirement plans, which include defined-benefit pension plans and defined-contribution plans. The majority of administrative, insurance and other costs associated with CF-sponsored health and welfare plans are borne by the company. Participation in the retirement plans is automatic in all countries.
In the U.K., CF Fertilisers provides competitive compensation and bonus opportunities for jobs in all disciplines at our sites based on company and individual performance. Benefits are not restricted to those who work full-time only; they are provided on an equal basis to those who work part-time too. In addition, CF Fertilisers contributes toward pension schemes, which include closed defined-benefit pension plans and open defined-contribution plans. The majority of administrative, insurance and other costs associated with CF-sponsored health and welfare plans is borne by the company. Participation in the pension scheme is subject to a minimum of auto-enrollment legislation in the U.K. The only group not entitled to all benefits are our apprentices. We have 14 apprentices out of a total workforce of 579 employees.
401-2 PARENTAL LEAVE. 
In the U.S., U.K. and Canada, CF offers a Parental Leave program for all employees. Our U.S. employees do not have a paternity leave program available to them, but we do offer one for our Canadian employees.
401-3. 
Data for the reporting period 2020 U.S. Canada U.K.
Total number of employees who were entitled to parental leave 291 females 56 females 332 males 60 females 523 males. 
Total number of employees who took parental leave 11 females took maternity leave 7 females tookmaternity leave and 10 males took paternity leave 1 female took maternity leave and 11 males took paternity leave. 
Total number of employees who returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended 9 females** (2 remain on leave) 2 females** 10 males (4 females remain on leave) 0 Females** 11 Males (1 female remains on leave)
Total number of employees who returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave ended who were still employed 12 months after their return to work 9 females** (2 remain on leave) 2 females** 10 males (4 females remain on leave) 0 Females** 11 Males (1 female remains on leave)
Return to work and retention rates of employees who took parental leave 81% 70% 92% **Does not include employees who started parental leave in 2021 and remain on leave in 2022. (Not Eligible to return just yet)
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 70 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


402 LABOR/MANAGEMENT RELATIONS 403 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
We recognize and respect employee rights to join any lawful organization of their own choosing. We are committed to complying with laws pertaining to freedom of association, privacy and collective bargaining. See also GRI Disclosure 102-41 – Collective Bargaining Agreements. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Employees are the most important part of our safety process and receive regular safety, health and process operation training. This includes annual EHS training and testing that focuses on daily operations, handling hazardous materials and emergency response. Our highest priority is the safety of those who work in or live near our facilities. Safety at CF starts with our “Do It Right” philosophy, which includes equipping our employees with the proper safety knowledge, tools and procedures, and a culture that encourages employees to act with safety in mind every time they come to work. Our strong safety culture has produced consecutive years of continuous improvements in its recordable incident rate. Our safety procedures apply to our supply chain, and we ensure products are safe across all of our shipping modes and even when they reach retailers. When shipping by rail, CF ensures that cars are maintained, products are loaded safely and valves and caps are secured properly. We are also certified by the International Fertilizer Association’s (IFA’s) Protect & Sustain program, which promotes responsible business management processes across the fertilizer lifecycle to take greater responsibility not only for how products are produced, but also for how they are developed, sourced, stored, transported and used. CF participates in and is on the Board of ResponsibleAg, an independent nonprofit that helps retailers comply with federal environment, health, safety and security regulations related to the safe storage and handling of farm input supplies.
MINIMUM NOTICE PERIODS REGARDING OPERATIONAL CHANGES. 
With regard to operational changes across CF Fertilisers in the U.K., which are our only sites with collective bargaining agreements, changes can be agreed to, either on an individual basis or through a collective agreement. When any change to a contract of employment occurs, the business is required to give written notification of the changes, within one month of the change taking effect. In the event of a redundancy situation effecting 20 to 99 or more staff, CF Fertilisers will commence a period of collective consultation that must start at least 30 days before the dismissals take effect. With 100 or more redundancies, the consultation must start at least 45 days before any dismissals take effect. Thereafter, the contractual notice period, as defined with our contracts of employment or collective agreement, would then be invoked. In the event of a redundancy situation effecting 20 to 99 or more staff, CF Fertilisers will commence a period of collective consultation that must start at least 30 days before the dismissals take effect. With 100 or more redundancies, the consultation must start at least 45 days before any dismissals take effect. Thereafter, the contractual notice period, as defined with our contracts of employment or collective agreement, would then be invoked.
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
CF has established a robust Environmental, Health, Safety, and Security (EHS) management system that sets the framework for the EHS activities, establishes minimum company EHS requirements, and facilitates the development and implementation of the company EHS processes. Our management system has received OSHA Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) recognition as well as Protect & Sustain Certification as a safety and health management system. Description of OHS management system scope This comprehensive EHS management system, that has been established through a number of documented statements and is applicable to all workers, activities and workplaces, includes: • EHS Policy; • EHS Management Manual, which sets the EHS Management System framework and includes a series of five elements and associated minimum expectation and requirements that must be met across the company; • Company-wide EHS documentation (e.g., policies, standards, plans and procedures), typically established by the EHS Steering Committee and implemented at all levels and functions of the organization. These EHS standards and guidance are provided via a series of appendices to the EHS Management Manual; and, Location-specific EHS documentation (e.g., plans and procedures) developed and implemented at the location level. The EHS Management System is designed to follow a Plan-Do-Check-Act cycle that promotes and drives continual improvement: • PLAN: Understanding our compliance obligations and our risks and developing a management system that addresses them; • DO: The implementation of our management system requirements, including those in the EHS Management Manual as well as our EHS Standards; • CHECK: EHS audit program* and the annual EHS assurance letter; and, • ACT: Management review and resulting adjustments made to the management system to drive continual EHS performance improvement. Each Company location has established a location-specific EHS management system that facilitates a safe, secure, productive, and environmentally responsible workplace and implements company and location-specific EHS expectations and regulatory requirements. In addition, “Best Practice” teams have been established within CF. One of the teams addresses best practices for the storage and handling (i.e., loading and unloading) of our products. This team includes representatives from each of our operations as well as corporate transportation and EHS personnel. All employees who deal with hazardous material transport receive regulatory and site-specific training to ensure that hazardous materials are properly handled at each step of our shipping process. CF has a world-class EHS audit program, which includes all of our facilities and joint ventures. Our EHS audits are risk-based and track findings throughout their lifecycle. Through these audits, we share best practices identified by our auditors and make these practices accessible through our company intranet.
103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 402-1 403-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 71 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


HAZARD IDENTIFICATION, RISK ASSESSMENT AND INCIDENT INVESTIGATION. 
Each company location has developed and implemented processes and procedures to identify environmental, health, occupational safety, process safety, and security-related hazards. The identification of hazards is done in a systematic manner and takes into account past, current, and future/planned activities. All EHS hazards are assessed to determine risk potential and priority, based on the likelihood of occurrence and the potential impact of the consequences. Risk management controls are then put in place to minimize risk to as low as reasonably practicable. These controls are regularly monitored for effectiveness and updated to respond to changing conditions or activities. Process controls, mechanical integrity assurance processes, and sound maintenance and inspection procedures have been established by each location to allow continued compliance with design and operational parameters. In addition, each location has established a change management process. This process assesses the impact of any change to personnel, process, chemicals, technology, equipment, or procedures from an EHS perspective, implements appropriate risk mitigation for additional risk that may be introduced by the change, and informs and trains employees affected by the change prior to its implementation/start-up. Process for worker reporting: All employees have access to the company’s EHS Management Information System (EMIS) to report hazards, near misses, or incidents. In addition, regular employee meetings and toolbox talks provide further opportunity to report workplace hazards and provide suggestions for improving workplace safety. Policy or process for workers to remove themselves from unsafe situations: The policy and process for reporting unsafe conditions or situations and responding to those reports are outlined in the company’s Code of Conduct, EHS Policy, and EHS Management Manual. Training is provided to all employees on a regular basis to ensure these aspects are understood and reinforced. An incident/near miss/hazard reporting and investigation process has been established at every location and is based on applicable regulations, the company’s EHS Management Manual, and other applicable company EHS standards. All incidents/near misses/hazards are promptly communicated to location management or their designated representative. All incidents/near misses/hazards are investigated and appropriate corrective actions implemented. Location management works with the investigation team to appropriately communicate lessons learned within the organization, including to Senior Management where applicable. The level of investigation and priority for corrective action is proportionate to the potential severity and frequency of the event.
WORKER PARTICIPATION, CONSULTATION AND COMMUNICATION ON OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY. 
CF has safety committees at all manufacturing and distribution facilities. The role of these committees, which are comprised of employees from all levels, is to promote safety awareness and reinforce a working environment that promotes engagement, empowerment, and teamwork among employees while pursuing safety excellence. The joint health and safety committees consists of worker and management representatives who meet on a regular basis to deal with health and safety issues. These committees provide a forum for ensuring employee feedback, solving health and safety problems collaboratively, and bringing the internal responsibility system into practice. The committees also review specific tasks alongside company/ location policies, procedures, and practices to ensure the safe execution of these tasks.
WORKER TRAINING ON OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY. 
Properly trained and competent personnel are an essential requirement for the safe and environmentally responsible operation of our locations. Therefore, each location has established systems to ensure employees receive all applicable and mandatory EHS trainings. All employees, contractors, and visitors are provided with training that promotes general EHS awareness, reinforces our EHS policy and management system, and develops or maintains appropriate personnel skill and knowledge levels required for a safe, healthful, secure, and environmentally sound operation. Free-of-charge training is provided to ensure that employees possess the required understanding, knowledge, skills and abilities to carry out their duties and responsibilities safely. In addition, all personnel who perform activities that are deemed critical to EHS performance are appropriately qualified and trained to ensure they understand the risks involved and can properly utilize appropriate risk control measures. Competency testing is conducted to ensure that all trainees understand the proper procedures associated with those critical activities.
PROMOTION OF WORKER HEALTH. 
See GRI Disclosure 401-2 – Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees.
PREVENTION AND MITIGATION OF OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPACTS DIRECTLY LINKED BY BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS. 
The company’s EHS management system covers all employees, contractors and visitors to our locations. All locations have established safe work procedures and other controls to ensure the safety of their employees, contractors, and visitors during both routine and non-routine work.
WORKERS COVERED BY AN OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. 
See GRI Disclosure 403-7 — Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships. 
OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH SERVICES. 
SASB Topic: Workforce Health & Safety, Code: RT-CH-320a.2. 
All company locations maintain an inventory of hazardous materials (e.g., raw materials, intermediates, byproducts and products) at the site. Safety Data Sheets (SDS) are to be obtained for each hazardous material and reviewed to determine proper handling, storage and disposal practices. Product-specific and site-specific information and training is provided to all employees and contractors who work with or in proximity to hazardous materials. The training program is reviewed at least annually, and can be reviewed more frequently if required by a change in materials or work conditions. Each location maintains a health program for its employees that meets or exceeds regulatory requirements and utilizes the services of a licensed health care professional in the development and on-going execution of this program. Each location has established an Occupational Exposure Assessment Program to identify potential exposures of employees to chemical or physical (e.g., noise) agents, which may be present in the workplace environment, to evaluate such exposures, and to provide information for use in reducing such exposures where appropriate. The services of a Certified Industrial Hygienist (CIH or equivalent) are utilized to develop and periodically review each location’s program. Where there is a potential for exposure to chemical or physical (e.g., noise) agents covered by specific governmental regulations, the Location maintains monitoring programs that comply with requirements of governmental regulations. Monitoring programs for other substances or agents have been established as determined by the Occupational Exposure Assessment Program. Each location has implemented appropriate control measures to ensure that such exposures are eliminated or reduced to regulated/company levels (whichever is lower) or see that adequate protection or safeguards are implemented.
403-2 403-4 403-5 403-6 403-7 403-8 403-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 72 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


WORK-RELATED INJURIES. 
SASB Topic: Workforce Health & Safety, Code: RT-CH-320a.1. 
WORK-RELATED ILL HEALTH. 
For work-related hazards that pose a risk of ill health, see GRI Disclosure 403-3 – Occupational health services. This year continues our record of no employee or contractor fatalities as a result of work related ill health or cases of recordable work-related ill health.
403-9 403-10. 
Health, Safety and Security Management Unit 2021 2020 2019. 
Employee Health and Safety1. 
Fatality rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0.00 0.00 0.00. 
Total injuries Injuries 9 4 18. 
Lost time incident rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0.11 0.00 0.17. 
Recordable incident rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0.32 0.14 0.48. 
Health, Safety and Security Management - Continued Unit 2021 2020 2019. 
Contractor Health and Safety1. 
Fatality rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0 0 0. 
Total injuries Injuries 15 6 18. 
Lost time incident rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0.18 0.16 0.26. 
Recordable incident rate Total/200,000 hrs. 0.55 0.32 0.952 1 According to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), incidence rates can be used to show the relative level of injuries and illnesses among different industries, firms or operations within a single firm. Because a common base and a specific period of time are involved these rates can help determine both problem areas and progress in preventing work-related injuries and illnesses. An incidence rate of injuries and illnesses may be computed from the following formula: (Number of injuries and illnesses X 200,000) / Employee hours worked = Incidence rate. The 200,000 figure in the formula represents the number of hours 100 employees working 40 hours per week, 50 weeks per year would work, and provides the standard base for calculating incidence rate for an entire year. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the most recent (RY 2020) recordable injury rate for the fertilizer industry is 2.5 injuries per 200,000 hours.
2 Data was corrected from what was reported in the previous year.
Data is effective 12/31/2021 404 TRAINING AND EDUCATION. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Building the skill and experience of our workforce is as important as making capital improvements to our plants. That is why we invest in extensive recruitment, training and professional development opportunities for our employees. At the heart of our efforts is our Core Curriculum, which is a series of courses designed to familiarize CF employees with our business, values, culture, and people processes. The program aligns to our CF Leadership Competencies leader levels and provides current and new employees with a consistent understanding of who we are, what we do, and how we do it. We hire interns at most of our manufacturing facilities, providing promising students with the opportunity to apply what they are learning in the classroom on the jobsite. In the U.K., we offer apprenticeship programs through which students can access training, local college instruction and on-site learning with CF. At the end of the three-year program, graduates may fill roles as chemical, mechanical and electrical engineers, mechanical technicians, and process operators. CF also offers an Executive Development Program (EDP), which is designed to help high-potential employees strengthen and expand their leadership capabilities to optimize their contributions to the success of the Company and grow their careers. The EDP takes a multi-faceted approach to learning and includes leadership assessments with personalized feedback, academic learning, experiential learning, and learning from leaders. Program participants gain insight into their personal leadership strengths, opportunities, learn about how to inspire and lead others, broaden their business knowledge, and expand their professional network. We view these types of development opportunities as being a key part of succession planning, allowing us to grow a stronger company, today and for the future.
103-1,2,3. 
ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO. 
Average hours of training per year per employee 404-1. 
Region Average Hours. 
North America 42.71. 
United Kingdom 41.6. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 73 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


PROGRAMS FOR UPGRADING EMPLOYEE SKILLS AND TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
CF provides internal job competency training for all our manufacturing employees, always prioritizing health and safety. Internal manufacturing learning and development is focused on acquiring and developing skills required to successfully perform in specific roles. Structured programs use a blended learning approach comprised of online learning, instructor led training, and on the on-the-job coaching, enabling the learner to progress through various levels of competency. We assess knowledge and skill mastery internally. All new employees at the individual contributor level participate in the CF Core Curriculum – an introduction to CF’s company values, culture, business, and people processes and a foundation for future role-specific learning. Employees promoted or hired into team leader roles progress along a core curriculum path with learning experiences designed to build knowledge and skills to effectively lead others. CF also provides targeted management skill and leadership development to team leaders through internal learning and development resources and external vendors to build people leadership and management skills. In addition, we focus on building targeted capabilities by designing and delivering customized training workshops aligned to our leadership competency model as well as access to an online course library to support additional technical and professional development. CF also supports further training and education of employees through our Tuition Reimbursement program in North America and the Educational Support Policy in the U.K. Financial support is provided for employees up to degree level. We provide training to employees in the event of a process or role change. Depending upon the circumstances, we offer outplacement support via a third-party organization to employees whose employment is terminated to support their job search efforts. We also provide support and training for employees whose employment is terminated due to a reduction in force or job elimination. We offer outplacement support via a third-party organization including job search planning, resume development, custom career coaching and recruiter outreach. In the U.S. and Canada, CF provides retiring employees access to financial calculators, planning tools and articles via our third-party vendors. This includes optional services providing advice on fund values, state offerings and analysis based on the timelines involved for retirement. In the U.K., transition assistance programs are provided to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment. Prior to employees retiring, employees have access to financial advice via external pension providers.
PERCENTAGE OF EMPLOYEES RECEIVING REGULAR PERFORMANCE AND CAREER DEVELOPMENT REVIEWS. 
Our performance management process applies to 100% of employees at CF. It includes annual goal setting aligned to business goals, an employee initiated mid-year career and individual development planning dialogue, and an end of the year performance review. Although this is an annual process, we encourage employees and managers to check in regularly throughout the year to discuss their progress and development needs. All employees are assessed annually on the results they achieve (goals), as well as how they achieve those results through the demonstration of leadership behaviors outlined in the CF leadership competency model. It is our policy that all employees receive a performance review except for those employees who are on short-term/long-term leave, new hires still within the probation period, and those employees that have been terminated within the year.
404-2 404-32 405 DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Our long-term success depends on our people. We are dedicated to creating a workplace where employees are proud to work and grow and everyone feels empowered to do their best work. Inclusion, Diversity & Equity (ID&E): Doing the right thing is the cornerstone of our culture and is a significant factor in our success. Our culture is rooted in our core values – We Do It Right, We Do It Well, We Execute as a Team and We Take a Long-Term View – which now include a more explicit expression of our longstanding commitment to ID&E at our Company. CF’s ID&E strategy provides direction to our ongoing efforts to strengthen our culture of inclusive leadership. Our strategy focuses on three key areas: employee education and skill development, representation, and belonging. CF has a dedicated team to help guide our ID&E initiatives. During 2021, we launched our Inclusion Council to champion the company’s ID&E strategy and the Inclusion Resource Group to drive ID&E programming that fosters a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace. More specifically, these initiatives include annual ID&E training for all employees and frequent programming that supports an inclusive workplace culture and highlights employees with diverse backgrounds. In order to continue to improve the inclusiveness and diversity of our company and culture, our comprehensive ESG goals announced in 2020 include targets to increase the representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles and to implement a program designed to increase the hiring and promotion of minority and female candidates. In addition, to increase our ID&E transparency, in 2021 we published our first Inclusion, Diversity & Equity Report and made our most recently filed U.S. Federal Employer Information Report EEO-1 available on our website. We are on a journey to build a culture of belonging where it is safe to be yourself – a workplace where everyone feels welcomed, valued, empowered and inspired to do their best work. We believe we have made significant progress in these efforts while also recognizing that there is much work to do to create new opportunities and growth for traditionally underrepresented employees’ groups. Anti-Discrimination Policy: We work together to make sure our workplace is a respectful, inclusive and productive one. This means that our organization will never unlawfully discriminate against any person on any basis in our operations. This also means, in part, that we never make unlawful employment-related decisions based on any legally protected status or characteristic, including but not limited to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, medical condition, veteran status, disability, marital or parental status, sexual orientation, or gender identity, as and where protected by applicable law. This policy applies to all employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfers, training practices, as well as participation in company programs. Anti-Harassment Policy: CF is committed to maintaining a productive working atmosphere. We do this not only because applicable law requires it, but also because a tolerant, collaborative company is more competitive in the marketplace. We strive to create an environment where everyone can live up to his or her potential. Accordingly, we do not tolerate any form of harassment. Harassment may be any verbal or physical conduct by any individual that disrupts, offends or interferes with another’s work performance, or that creates an intimidating, offensive or hostile work environment. The company takes immediate disciplinary action against employees who engage in harassment, up to and including termination of employment. We also take appropriate action against anyone not employed or engaged by the company who violates this policy. Inclusion, Diversity & Equity (ID&E): CF’s ID&E strategy provides direction to our ongoing efforts to strengthen our culture of inclusive leadership. Our strategy focuses on three key areas: employee education and skill development, representation, and belonging. CF’s Manager of Inclusion and Engagement helps guide our ID&E initiatives.
103-1,2,3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 74 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


DIVERSITY OF GOVERNANCE BODIES AND EMPLOYEE RATIO OF BASIC SALARY AND REMUNERATION OF WOMEN TO MEN. 
CF strives to use salary ranges that are competitive with market pay ranges for positions of comparable responsibility, functional knowledge, impact and other compensable factors. Gender is not a factor when determining compensation. Each salary range has a minimum or threshold salary for a new hire, although CF typically sets the actual salary above this minimum. In the U.K., we make sure our employment decisions, including compensation and progression, are based on skills, competency and jobrelated business criteria. Opportunities to progress careers are available to all employees and we work on the principle that the best person should be in the role regardless of gender.
U.K. Gender Pay Gap Data: 405-1 405-2. 
Board of Directors by Age and Gender (All Locations):
Age Group Male Female Total. 
Count Percentage Count Percentage Count Percentage 30-50 -0 0. 
Over 50 9 75 3 25 12 100. 
Total 9 75 3 25 12 100. 
All data in this section is as of December 31 of the reporting year. 25 percent of the Board of Directors are considered to be a member of a minority group. “Minority Group” in the. 
United States is defined as non-white ethnicity of any gender.
1 Data comes from U.K.’s statutory Gender Pay Gap Reporting available every April of the reporting period, containing 12-month data from April to March.
Temps and Co-Ops are not reflected in the above workforce figures.
Workforce by Age and Gender (All Locations):
AGE Under 30 30-50 Over 50 Totals. 
Genders Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female. 
U.S. 240 32 1048 148 408 106 1696 286. 
Canada 29 8 243 40 69 14 341 62. 
U.K. 79 8 270 25 173 27 522 60. 
Total 348 48 1561 213 650 147 2559 408. 
Background Information. 
April 2020 (Snapshot Date April 30, 2021) 1st-30th. 
Pay period containing snapshot date April 20211. 
Employee Numbers. 
Total number of relevant employees (no. of employees paid in April 2021) 600. 
Total number of employees less than full pay (6)
Total number of full pay employees (April 2021) 594. 
Gender Split of Total Workforce. 
Total male employees 535. 
Total female employees 65 % male employees 89.2% % female employees 10.8%
Mean Gender Pay Gap in Hourly Pay 0.30% Median Gender Pay Gap in Hourly Pay 11.20%
Mean Gender Pay Gap in Bonus Pay 28.00% Median Gender Pay Gap in Bonus Pay 5.00%
Total EE % Male % Female %< 30 %30-50 %> 50 2967 86% 14% 13% 60% 27%
Proportion of gender in each pay quartile Proportion of gender in each pay quartile Male Female. 
Males receiving a bonus 95.1% Upper Quartile 87.2 12.8. 
Upper Middle Quartile 95.9 4.1. 
Females receiving a bonus 96.80% Lower Middle Quartile 93.9 6.1. 
Lower Quartile 80.5 19.5. 
Results:
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 75 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


406 NON-DISCRIMINATION. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 405 – Diversity and Equal Opportunity – Management Approach. 
INCIDENTS OF DISCRIMINATION AND CORRECTIVE ACTIONS TAKEN. 
North America Two complainants alleged separate circumstances involving discrimination on the basis of race. One employee alleged discrimination on the basis of race. The matter was confidentially resolved and closed by the EEOC without any finding of discrimination. In the second matter, an employee of a contractor was accused of using inappropriate language in the workplace. The company informed the employer involved and implemented appropriate remedial action. U.K. One individual complainant brought allegations of disability discrimination to the attention of the company’s U.K. subsidiary. These allegations were investigated in accordance with applicable local law and confidentially resolved with the complainant. No discrimination was found to have occurred and the matter is not subject to any legal action.
103-1,2,3 406-1 407 FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 408 CHILD LABOR. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
We recognize and respect employee rights to join or not join any lawful organization of their own choosing. We are committed to complying with laws pertaining to freedom of association, privacy and collective bargaining. See also GRI Disclosure 102-41 – Collective Bargaining Agreements. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
CF is committed to the protection and advancement of human rights in its global operations. Our views are informed by the working standards and human rights concepts advanced by other groups, such as the United Nations’ International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. Further, we believe that the employment relationship should be voluntary and the terms of employment must comply with applicable laws and regulations. We are, therefore, intolerant of slavery, human trafficking, forced labor and child labor and are committed to complying with applicable laws prohibiting such exploitation. CF strives to conduct business with suppliers, business partners, contractors, vendors, agents, consultants and third parties who share our commitments to conducting business in full compliance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, rules and regulations, in accordance with the highest ethical standards, and in a manner that keeps our employees and communities safe. CF expects all third parties and their respective employees, agents and subcontractors to follow the principles summarized in our Third Party Code of Conduct in the conduct of their business. These beliefs and practices are part of CF’s Human Rights Policy, which is communicated and accessible to all employees. Employees are instructed to report any suspected violation of this policy or the principles set forth through established channels. In addition, we provide a compliance helpline to facilitate reporting of possible violations and have a strict non-retaliation policy to protect those reporting.
OPERATIONS AND SUPPLIERS AT SIGNIFICANT RISK FOR INCIDENTS OF CHILD LABOR. 
CF does not have any operations that are identified as at significant risk for incidents of child labor or forced or compulsory labor practices. CF abides by all applicable child labor laws, as well as our hiring and employment policies. CF expects all our business partners and those who we conduct business with to comply with said labor and employment laws, including those that relate to child labor and forced labor. CF generally does not have any suppliers in regions that are identified as at significant risk for incidents of child labor or forced or compulsory labor practices. Per the CF Code of Corporate Conduct and our contractual commitments, suppliers are expected to be in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern the jurisdictions in which they do business. Where our suppliers have a supply chain that may extend into areas that are of higher risk or where risks are identified, mitigation plans will be put in place, such as additional assurances or supplier visits and audits. OPERATIONS AND SUPPLIERS IN WHICH THE RIGHT TO FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING MAY BE AT RISK. 
CF does not have any operations in which the right to exercise freedom of association and collective bargaining are identified as a significant risk. Further, CF is not aware of suppliers where these rights are at risk. Per our Human Rights Policy, we recognize and respect employee rights to join or not join any lawful organization of their own choosing. We are committed to complying with laws pertaining to freedom of association, privacy, and collective bargaining. Per our Third-Party Code of Conduct and our contractual commitments, suppliers are expected to be in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations that govern the jurisdictions in which they do business. In addition, we evaluate suppliers for potential risks related to labor using supplier risk matrices. The information to complete these assessments is compiled from a variety of sources including third party market intelligence, internal supply market analyses and public news sources.
103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 408-1 407-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 76 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


409 FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR 410 SECURITY PRACTICES 411 RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE 412 HUMAN RIGHTS ASSESSMENT. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 408 – Child Labor – Management Approach. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
Our approach to security starts with detailed risk assessments of our operations and supply chain. We implement programs to manage these risks and have established security management plans at all of our locations. Security metrics are monitored on a regular basis and we hold quarterly meetings with senior leadership to review issues and progress on key efforts. In addition, CF has received certification in the IFA’s Protect and Sustain program, which assesses security throughout the product lifecycle, including production, processes, storage, site security, transportation and handling of products. External security service providers are responsible for understanding and adhering to CF’s Third Party Code of Conduct, which holds all service providers to the same high standards as those contained in our Code of Corporate Conduct. In addition, CF has established minimum training requirements for all security officers at our locations. The evaluation of our security practices management approach involves continuous monitoring of the risk environments as well as performance of the security program. These elements are accomplished through security program audits, regulatory inspections, periodic security risk assessments, and quarterly security reviews with senior leadership. Results from these ongoing evaluations drives changes or additions to the security program for a continued improvement.
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 408 – Child Labor – Management Approach. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 408 – Child Labor – Management Approach 103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3. 
OPERATIONS AND SUPPLIERS AT SIGNIFICANT RISK FOR INCIDENTS OF FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR. 
GRI Disclosure 408-1 – Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor.
INCIDENTS OF VIOLATIONS INVOLVING RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES. 
CF has had no reported incidents relating to violations involving the rights of indigenous peoples during the reporting period.
OPERATIONS THAT HAVE BEEN SUBJECT TO HUMAN RIGHTS REVIEWS OR IMPACT ASSESSMENTS. 
CF is committed to the protection and advancement of human rights in its global operations and has adopted a Human Rights Policy. Our operations have not been subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact assessments during the reporting period. Our operations in the U.K. have a Policy on Modern Slavery. As part of the rollout of the program, we conducted a modern slavery risk assessment, which focused on 100 of our largest suppliers. We then classified these suppliers into low, medium and high risk categories using a combination of factors (geographical location, structure of industry, levels of regulation, etc.). Following this classification, we contacted all medium and high risk suppliers (44 total), asking them to confirm their approach toward modern slavery, the steps they have taken to ensure there is no modern slavery in their supply chain, and whether they have published a compliance statement. The responses we received met our required standards and the requirements of the Modern Slavery Act.
EMPLOYEE TRAINING ON HUMAN RIGHTS POLICES OR PROCEDURES. 
CF is committed to the protection and advancement of human rights in its global operations and has adopted a Human Rights Policy. CF is further committed to doing the right thing, every time, in all our business dealings. CF’s commitment to ethical behavior is captured in our Code of Corporate Conduct, which applies to all directors, officers, and employees, all of whom participate in our code of conduct and anticorruption training annually. In addition, all employees receive annual training on our EHS policy and CF’s anti-harassment and discrimination policies and in 2021 team leaders receive supplemental training in CF’s anti-harassment and discrimination employment policies. Our sales professionals are also provided annual anti-trust training.
SECURITY PERSONNEL TRAINED IN HUMAN RIGHTS POLICIES OR PROCEDURES. 
The Company’s Code of Corporate Conduct reaffirms the company’s long-standing practice of conducting its business in full compliance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and in accordance with the highest level of ethical standards. All company personnel are required to read and understand the Code of Corporate Conduct on an annual basis. External security service providers are responsible for understanding and adhering to CF’s Third Party Code of Conduct, which holds all service providers to the same high standards as those contained in our Code of Corporate Conduct. The Company’s security personnel and security service providers working at our locations are given location-specific training that covers appropriate safety and security practices. In addition, CF Industries has received certification in the IFA Global Protect and Sustain program, which assess security throughout the product lifecycle, including production, processes, storage, site security, transportation and handling of products.
409-1 411-1 412-1 412-2 410-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 77 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT AGREEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT INCLUDE HUMAN RIGHTS CLAUSES OR THAT UNDERWENT HUMAN RIGHTS SCREENING. 
We did not have any significant investment agreements during the reporting period. CF incorporates the Third- Party Code of Conduct as a matter of course in all business agreements. In the U.K., all new suppliers are subject to a modern slavery assessment by an independent specialist organization before a contract is signed.
412-3 413 COMMUNITY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 202 - Market Presence - Management Approach. 
OPERATIONS WITH LOCAL COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT, IMPACT ASSESSMENTS AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
All CF facilities, both manufacturing and distribution, have regular, ongoing dialogue with stakeholders in the communities in which we operate. Interaction and topics range from community safety and emergency planning to economic development opportunities and philanthropic support for local causes.
OPERATIONS WITH SIGNIFICANT ACTUAL AND POTENTIAL NEGATIVE IMPACTS ON LOCAL COMMUNITIES. 
SASB Topic: Community Relations, Code: RT-CH-210a.1 CF operates a set of modern production and distribution facilities. We recognize that, as well as the economic and social benefit to their local communities, some of those operations have the potential to have negative impacts on the local environment or the safety of people. CF actively manages the risks associated with its operations in accordance with regulatory requirements and industry codes, including local rules, in order to prevent incidents and mitigate any impact. Potential impacts are evaluated and managed via risk controls, including engineered measures, procedures, emergency response arrangements and associated training. Significant investments are also evaluated for the potential negative impacts, and appropriate risk mitigation measures are identified. At CF, our “Do It Right” philosophy extends past our daily safe operations to include preparedness for unlikely, negative impact incidents. Through our emergency management process, we identify risks to our employees and communities, pre-plan our responses, and maintain emergency service resources at each of our locations. Our emergency services resources are held to industry standards of competency as responders, commanders, and incident managers. Our commitment is to continuously improve through training exercises, performance evaluations, drills, and participation in competitions against internal and external teams. Our focus on execution as a team and investment in preparedness is designed to provide a reliable state of readiness of our emergency services resources and promote a unified execution with the community.
103-1,2,3 413-1 413-2 414 SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT 415 PUBLIC POLICY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
See GRI Disclosure 204 – Procurement Practices – Management Approach. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
As a global leader in the production and distribution of nitrogen and hydrogen products, CF believes part of its corporate responsibility is to be engaged on public policy issues of importance to the company and its supply chain. During the reporting period, CF was active on energy, environmental, international trade, tax, security, transportation, and agriculture policy among other issues. The CF global public affairs team identifies current and emerging public policy risks and opportunities to assist the corporation in achieving its business goals. The team engages with policymakers, educates them about priority issues and offers innovative solutions to complex problems ensuring company views are reflected in policy debates and outcomes. CF public policy staff organize and lead grassroots campaigns to engage employees, customers and other stakeholders in policy debates. The team has regular dialogues with leaders in both business associations and non-governmental organizations and develops partnerships based on shared concerns to achieve quantifiable results. Please see GRI Disclosures 102-12 – External initiatives and 102-13 – Membership of associations for a list of the industry organizations of which CF is a member. The company has a political action committee, the CF Employees’ Good Government Fund (CF Fund) that is funded solely through voluntary employee contributions. The CF Fund offers employees a direct, voluntary way to support interests and issues by donating to candidates who support the company’s values. CF’s U.S. federal lobbying reports are available at http://lobbyingdisclosure.house.gov/ or www.disclosure.senate.gov.
NEW SUPPLIERS THAT WERE SCREENED USING SOCIAL CRITERIA. 
New and existing suppliers are screened regularly utilizing a third-party service. This service screens for criminal activity, including environmental crimes, terrorism, sanctions, and politically exposed persons. In addition, per our Third Party Code of Conduct and our contractual commitments, suppliers are expected to be in full compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws, including but not limited to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, anti-boycott laws and trade sanctions.
NEGATIVE SOCIAL IMPACTS IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN AND ACTIONS TAKEN. 
As suppliers are screened on a regular basis, any negative impacts are mitigated and addressed as known. CF is not aware of any suppliers with any significant negative social impact.
103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 414-1 414-2. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 78 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS. 
In 2021, CF did not make any political contributions (i.e., payments to candidate campaigns, political parties, political committees, or other political organizations exempt from federal income tax under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code, and ballot measure committees). CF annually discloses any political contributions on its corporate website.
ASSESSMENTS OF THE HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPACTS OF PRODUCT AND SERVICE CATEGORIES. 
All products and services are assessed for health and safety impacts. Safety data sheets are shared on our corporate website.
INCIDENTS OF NON-COMPLIANCE CONCERNING THE HEALTH AND SAFETY IMPACTS OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. 
The CF Technical Services team ensures a high global internal standard in our production and with our products. CF reports any product enforcement action that has been identified as potentially material to investors through our Form 10-K and 10-Qs. During the reporting year, there were no fines, penalties or warnings resulting from incidents of non-compliance with regulations, or voluntary codes concerning information and labeling of products and services.
415-1 416-1 416-2 416 CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topic: Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals, Code: RT-CH-410b.2 CF has a dedicated Technical Services team, as well as an agronomy team, that evaluates the performance and impact of our products. We assess the health and safety impacts of our products and information is provided on product safety data sheets and in other product literature. CF records hazards and potential opportunities with respect to the environment, safety and health on all products. This information provides management with an overview of important product issues and risks. All identified product issues and risks are assessed to allow for the prioritizing of risk reduction. Our product stewardship program has been certified via IFA’s Protect & Sustain program. Protect & Sustain is the de facto global product stewardship standard for fertilizers and covers the specific quality, environmental, health and safety aspects of the ISO 9001 and 14001, as well as the OHSAS 18001 certifications. This fertilizer-specific standard also has many points in common with Responsible Care 14001, which addresses the whole chemical industry. The overview of required and possible corrective actions is the foundation for an optimized allocation of resources 103-1,2,3 417 MARKETING AND LABELING 418 CUSTOMER PRIVACY. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
With regard to product information and labeling, we supply safety data sheets for all CF’s fertilizer and process chemical products. These sheets contain all relevant safety and environmental information related to the product. These are accessible to those whom we supply and contain the requisite information about the environmental impact of our products, including information about safe use and disposal. Packaged product is labeled according to the applicable legal requirements and agreed industry practice (e.g., safe handling guidance).
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
We outline expectations for the treatment of confidential information in our Code of Corporate Conduct. Confidential information includes all non-public or proprietary information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to CF or its customers, if disclosed. It may also include information related to possible transactions with other companies or information about other companies (such as our customers) that CF agreed not to disclose. Protecting all types of company information is vital to our success. This information must be maintained in strict confidence, unless otherwise required by law or CF.
SUBSTANTIATED COMPLAINTS CONCERNING BREACHES OF CUSTOMER PRIVACY AND LOSSES OF CUSTOMER DATA. 
Company has not identified substantiated complaints of breaches of customer privacy.
REQUIREMENTS FOR PRODUCT AND SERVICE INFORMATION AND LABELING. 
See GRI Disclosure 417 Marketing and Labeling – Management Approach. 
INCIDENTS OF NON-COMPLIANCE CONCERNING PRODUCT AND SERVICE INFORMATION AND LABELING. 
CF received zero warning(s) related to product registration in a U.S. state jurisdiction that did not result in a fine.
INCIDENTS OF NON-COMPLIANCE CONCERNING MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS. 
CF has not identified any incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications with any regulations or voluntary codes.
103-1,2,3 103-1,2,3 418-1 417-1 417-2 417-3. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 79 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


419 SOCIOECONOMIC COMPLIANCE. 
MANAGEMENT APPROACH. 
SASB Topic: Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment, Code: RT-CH-530a.1 Socioeconomic compliance is governed by our Code of Corporate Conduct, which acts as a guide to help all CF employees and affiliated parties make good decisions, maintain the trust we have built with our stakeholders, and ensure our business success. It also reaffirms the company’s long-standing practice of conducting its business in full compliance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and in accordance with the highest level of ethical standards.
NON-COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN THE SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC AREA. 
CF has not identified any significant fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and/or regulations in the social and economic area during the reporting period. CF would report any noncompliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area that has been identified as potentially material to investors through our Form 10-K and 10-Qs.
103-1,2,3 419-1. 
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 80 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
The Company reports its financial results in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Management believes that EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures, provide additional meaningful information regarding the Company’s performance and financial strength. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the Company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, because not all companies use identical calculations, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow included in this report may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Reconciliations of EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow, to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided on page 82 of this report. EBITDA is defined as net earnings attributable to common stockholders plus interest expense — net, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. Other adjustments include the elimination of loan fee amortization that is included in both interest and amortization, and the portion of depreciation that is included in noncontrolling interests.
The Company has presented EBITDA because management uses the measure to track performance and believes that it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in the industry.
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adjusted with the selected items included in EBITDA as summarized on page 82 of this report. The Company has presented adjusted EBITDA because management uses adjusted EBITDA, and believes it is useful to investors, as a supplemental financial measure in the comparison of year-over-year performance. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities, as stated in the consolidated statements of cash flows, reduced by capital expenditures and distributions to noncontrolling interests.
The Company has presented free cash flow because management uses this measure and believes it is useful to investors, as an indication of the strength of the Company and its ability to generate cash and to evaluate the Company’s cash generation ability relative to its industry competitors. It should not be inferred that the entire free cash flow amount is available for discretionary expenditures.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 81 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Reconciliation of net earnings attributable to common stockholders (GAAP measure) to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measures):
Year ended December 31 2021 2020 (in millions)
Net Earnings $1,260 $432. 
Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest 343 115. 
Net earnings attributable to common stockholders 917 317. 
Interest expense—net 183 161. 
Income tax provision 283 31. 
Depreciation and amortization 888 892. 
Less other adjustments:
Depreciation and amortization in noncontrolling interest 95 80. 
Loan fee amortization1 4 5. 
EBITDA $2,172 $1,316. 
Unrealized net mark-to-market loss on natural gas derivatives 25 (6)
COVID impact: Special COVID-19 bonus for operational workforce -19. 
COVID impact: Turnaround deferral2 -7. 
Loss on foreign currency transactions, including intercompany loans 6 5. 
Asset impairments 521 -
Engineering cost write-off3 -9. 
Loss on sale of surplus land -2. 
Property insurance proceeds -(2)
Loss on debt extinguishment 19 -
Total adjustments 571 34. 
Adjusted EBITDA $2,743 $1,350. 
Reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities (GAAP measure) to free cash flow (non-GAAP measure):
Year ended December 31 2021 2020 (in millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities $2,873 $1,231. 
Capital expenditures (514) (309)
Distributions to noncontrolling interest (194) (174)
Free cash flow $2,165 $748 1 Loan fee amortization is included in both interest expense—net and depreciation and amortization.
2 Represents expense incurred due to the deferral of certain plant turnaround activities as a result of the. 
COVID-19 pandemic.
3 Represents costs written off upon the cancellation of a project at one of our nitrogen complexes.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 82 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Safe Harbor Statement. 
All statements in this report by CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the “Company”), other than those relating to historical facts, are forward-looking statements. Forwardlooking statements can generally be identified by their use of terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “will” or “would” and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. These statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about strategic plans and management’s expectations with respect to the production of green and blue (low-carbon) ammonia, the development of carbon capture and sequestration projects, the transition to and growth of a hydrogen economy, greenhouse gas reduction targets, projected capital expenditures, statements about future financial and operating results, and other items described in this report.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the cyclical nature of the Company’s business and the impact of global supply and demand on the Company’s selling prices; the global commodity nature of the Company’s nitrogen products, the conditions in the international market for nitrogen products, and the intense global competition from other producers; conditions in the United States, Europe and other agricultural areas; the volatility of natural gas prices in North America and the United Kingdom; weather conditions and the impact of severe adverse weather events; the seasonality of the fertilizer business; the impact of changing market conditions on the Company’s forward sales programs; difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials, increases in their costs or delays or interruptions in their delivery; reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment; the Company’s reliance on a limited number of key facilities; risks associated with cyber security; acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism; risks associated with international operations; the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling the Company’s products against which the Company may not be fully insured; the Company’s ability to manage its indebtedness and any additional indebtedness that may be incurred; the Company’s ability to maintain compliance with covenants under its revolving credit agreement and the agreements governing its indebtedness; downgrades of the Company’s credit ratings; risks associated with changes in tax laws and disagreements with taxing authorities; risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of the Company’s risk measurement and hedging activities; potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and permitting requirements; regulatory restrictions and requirements related to greenhouse gas emissions; the development and growth of the market for green and blue (low-carbon) ammonia and the risks and uncertainties relating to the development and implementation of the Company’s green and blue (low-carbon) ammonia projects; risks associated with expansions of the Company’s business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant resources that could be required; risks associated with the operation or management of the strategic venture with CHS (the “CHS Strategic Venture”), risks and uncertainties relating to the market prices of the fertilizer products that are the subject of the supply agreement with CHS over the life of the supply agreement, and the risk that any challenges related to the CHS Strategic Venture will harm the Company’s other business relationships; and the impact of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on our business and operations.
More detailed information about factors that may affect the Company’s performance and could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements may be found in CF Industries Holdings, Inc.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including CF Industries. 
Holdings, Inc.’s most recent annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, which are available in the Investor Relations section of the Company’s web site. It is not possible to predict or identify all risks and uncertainties that might affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and, consequently, our descriptions of such risks and uncertainties should not be considered exhaustive. There is no guarantee that any of the events, plans or goals anticipated by these forward-looking statements will occur, and if any of the events do occur, there is no guarantee what effect they will have on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and future prospects. Forwardlooking statements are given only as of the date of this report and the Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 83 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


Appendix A: UN SDG Alignment. 
UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
End poverty in all its forms everywhere. 
CF Industries’ products play a direct role in ending poverty, which is closely tied to food insecurity. Our products generate increased yields, which increases availability of food around the world.
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all. 
We realize that we must continue to build a resilient and adaptive enterprise, in part by continuously updating the skillset of our people.
End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Realizing zero hunger directly aligns with CF Industries’ moral values, mission, and overall business strategy. Working with farmers for reliable and proper application of our products, CF Industries emphasizes food security at the heart of our business. Our nitrogen fertilizer products strengthen crop yields to continue to increase global food supplies.
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation. 
Fostering sustainable development aligns with our opportunity and desire to transition our network of assets to clean energy production. We believe we can play a meaningful role in decarbonizing the world’s energy sector.
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls. 
CF Industries supports gender equality for women and girls and maintaining a diversity of thought and opinion as part of our strategic roadmap. We have exceeded our goal to increase representation of females in senior leadership roles by 2025, and we continue to implement programs that create additional pathways to long-term professional growth through the hiring and promotion of female and underrepresented candidates.
Reduce inequality within and among countries. 
Reducing inequality is important to CF Industries’ desire to maintain a diversity of thought and opinion as part of our strategic roadmap. We have exceeded our goal of at least 30% representation of females and persons of color in senior leadership roles by 2025, and we continue to implement programs that create additional pathways to long-term professional growth through the hiring and promotion of traditionally underrepresented employee groups and female candidates.
Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all. 
Water plays as essential role in our production processes, and we are responsible for using it appropriately. More than 75% of our surface water/river intake withdrawals are returned to their source after ensuring they meet local water quality limits. We also use each gallon of extracted water an average of 29 times in our operations and do not operate in water-stressed areas. The availability of water is also critical for our transition to green ammonia.
Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable. 
We support local and national governments in this endeavor, and our interactions with policymakers support these values.
Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all. 
Improving the world’s energy mix towards cleaner options is important to CF Industries. Ammonia’s ability to enable the transport and storage of hydrogen for clean energy purposes and to serve as a clean burning fuel in its own right is at the heart of the Company’s strategy, representing a new opportunity for our business and our stakeholders. We are transforming our ammonia production and distribution assets into a meaningful supply base of decarbonized blue and green ammonia, and thus hydrogen, helping the world reduce emissions and decarbonize its energy base.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 84 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT


UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries UN SDGS Importance to CF Industries. 
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. 
As an industrial processor of raw materials into products that help feed and fuel society, we are actively engaging with policymakers, suppliers, customers, farmers, and other stakeholders on best practices and new technologies related to responsible use of our product and production of raw materials.
Protect, restore and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat deforestation, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss. 
Most of our products are used in farming applications to produce higher yields, allowing more food to be grown on less land and reducing the need to convert forests to farmland. Therefore, we have a vested interest in protecting terrestrial ecosystems, and we acknowledge the critical importance of biodiversity to broader life systems.
Target urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. 
We understand and acknowledge the risks associated with climate change. To that end, we are working to decarbonize the world’s largest ammonia production network while also working beyond our operations to support lower emissions from industrial activities, the transition to the clean energy economy and the reduction of GHG emissions associated with the use of nitrogen fertilizers. We are also working with policymakers to advance policies that bolster investment in decarbonization and clean energy. We believe we can help decarbonize the world’s energy sector while also making food production more resilient. As a result, our actions can help protect our communities and people.
Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels. 
This goal aligns with our belief that it is our duty to protect all stakeholders associated with our Company. Simply put, we believe in doing the right thing and governing our business accordingly.
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas, and marine resources for sustainable development. 
CF Industries has an inherent responsibility to help mitigate any negative impact from the downstream effects of our products. Specifically, we are working to ensure the proper use of our products in agricultural production, which can help limit nutrient runoff into water bodies.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
We know that we must incorporate an ESG mindset into all our actions, and we are eager to engage and partner with private, public, and civil sector participants to support the UN SDGs.
Message from CEO About this Report About the Company Energy, Emissions & Climate Change Our Workplace & Communities Food Security & Product Stewardship Ethics & Governance Coalitions, Partnerships & Policy Engagement Approach to ESG & Sustainability Reporting & Data 85 CF INDUSTRIES | 2021 ESG REPORT