For the Air We Live in. 
Sustainability Report 2 022


Our Message / Contents. 
For the Air We Live in. 
Name: Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Address: Umeda Center Bldg., 2-4-12, Nakazaki-Nishi, Kita-ku, Osaka, Japan. 
Incorporated: February 11, 1934. 
Founded: October 25, 1924. 
Capital: 85 billion yen. 
Company Profile. 
C O N T E N T S. 
Air is something that surrounds us 24 hours a day.
In fact, our existence, as well as the Earth’s, depends on it.
At Daikin, the future of the world’s air is our greatest concern.
We use the knowledge, innovation and technologies, dedicated to air, cultivated over many years, to improve the quality of air we breathe and the quality of lives we live.
This is our mission.
Our Message / Contents. 
Daikin’s Business Lines and Network ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 1 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 3 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 5 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 7 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 9 ∙∙∙ 11 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 13. 
Management Strategy and Sustainability. 
Message from the President. 
Overview of Sustainability. 
Social Issues and Daikin’s Business Characteristics. 
Long-Term Outlook Policy (Environmental Vision 2050)
Targets and Results ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 15 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 19 ∙∙∙ 21. 
Feature. 
Environment Challenge to Achieve Carbon Neutrality. 
Value with Air Creating an Environment Conducive to Napping for Greater Vitality. 
Supply Chain Management Establishing a More Flexible and Resilient Supply Chain ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 23 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 25 ∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙∙ 26. 
Data. 
Honors for Daikin/Online Content. 
About This Report 2 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 1 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Daikin’s Business Lines and Network. 
Daikin is a global manufacturer with close to 80% of net sales originating from outside of Japan and more than 80% of the Group’s employees working overseas. In our businesses of air conditioning and fluorochemicals, we respond to the needs that arise from the diverse cultures and values of the world’s countries and regions by providing products and services that make people and space healthier and more comfortable.
Business Sphere: Daikin Is Active in Over 170 Countries Our Business: Providing Healthy, Comfortable Lifestyles through Air Conditioning and Fluorochemical Technologies. 
Employees 88,698. 
Subsidiaries 322 5,798 Employees 61 Subsidiaries. 
Other regions (Latin America, Middle East, Africa, etc.) 11,147 Employees 77 Subsidiaries. 
Europe 20,275 Employees 67 Subsidiaries. 
United States 18,542 Employees 55 Subsidiaries. 
Asia and Oceania 91.0% 6.8% 2.2%
Air Conditioning. 
Chemicals Oil Hydraulics, Defense Systems, and Electronics ’19 ’17 ’18 ’20 ’19 ’17 ’18 ’20 88,698 84,870 80,369 70,263 76,484 2,550.3 2,481.1 2,290.6 2,493.4 ’21 billion yen. 
Ratio of Sales (Consolidated/Fiscal 2021) Number of Employees (Workforce, Consolidated) Net Sales (Consolidated) 3,109.1 ’21. 
Bringing the World Healthy, Comfortable Lifestyles. 
Air Conditioning. 
Semiconductor Field Automotive Field Information and Telecommunication Field. 
Machine Tools In-Home Medical Equipment IT Solutions. 
Residential Air Conditioners Commercial Air Conditioners Air Filters. 
Air Purifiers Space and Water Heaters Air Conditioning Systems Refrigeration Equipment. 
Proprietary Technologies at Work in a Range of Industries, IT Solutions. 
Utilizing the Characteristics of Fluorochemicals and Contributing to a Wide Range of Fields. 
Chemicals. 
Oil Hydraulics, Defense Systems, and Electronics. 
In this Report, “Daikin” refers to the Daikin Group and “Daikin Industries” refers to Daikin Industries, Ltd.
(FY) (FY)
By Business Segment. 
By Region. 
Japan. 
United States Europe. 
China. 
Asia and Oceania Other regions 20.5% 27.0% 17.8% 15.4% 13.7% 5.6% 13,369 Employees 31 Daikin Industries and subsidiaries. 
Japan 19,567 Employees 32 Subsidiaries. 
China. 
Achieving Both Comfort and Environmental Performance to Satisfy All Global Air Conditioning Needs 4 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 3 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Aiming for Sustainable Growth by Resolving Social Issues Related to Air and the Environment. 
In fiscal 2021, despite challenging business conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic, soaring prices of raw materials, and semiconductor shortages, Daikin recorded net sales that surpassed 3 trillion yen and operating income in the 300 billion yen range for the first time. Living in a time of turbulent change presents opportunities for reform, and we will continue to tackle challenges and implement new measures.
The world has made a sharp and accelerated turn toward carbon neutrality. The Daikin Group has seized this opportunity to establish “Challenge to. 
Over the years, Daikin has supplied products and services utilizing environmental technologies as the only company in the world that manufactures both air conditioners and refrigerants. Our core business of air conditioning, which has transformed the indoor environment in hot climate regions, is considered a part of the infrastructure that underpins society. Our products and services have been used to prevent heatstroke and improve air quality, thereby contributing to customers’ health and economic development by improving work efficiency. On the other hand, as worldwide demand for air conditioning is expected to triple by 2050, increased demand for electricity poses serious issues. The Group’s social mission is to minimize the impact of future global warming while providing healthy and comfortable air environments that are safe and reliable, which has increased in importance during the COVID-19 pandemic. Daikin is committed to being a company always looking for ways to resolve environmental and social issues while achieving business growth.
* Net GHG emissions equals GHG emissions during the product lifecycle minus contribution to GHG emissions reduction.
3.6 trillion yen 30 Over % reduction. 
FY2025 target 10 % reduction 3.11 trillion yen. 
FY2021. 
Net sales. 
Reduction rate of net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions* (compared to BAU with 2019 as base year) 7% reduction 2.49 trillion yen. 
FY2020 achieve carbon neutrality” as one of the growth strategy themes of Fusion 25, our strategic management plan running through 2025, based on the Environmental Vision 2050, which aims to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We have set a target to reduce net greenhouse gas emissions throughout the entire lifecycle of our products by 50% or more in 2030 compared to BAU* with fiscal 2019 as the base year. In fiscal 2021, we reduced net emissions by 10% by expanding the sales of energy efficient products mainly in Asia. The rising cost of energy, in espesially recent years, presents the Daikin Group with an opportunity to spread our products and services with low environmental impact worldwide because of our leading environmental technologies of inverters and refrigerants with lower global warming potential. As the transition from gasoline-powered vehicles to electric vehicles continues, we will make new investments in the European market as we aim to promote the switch from combustion heating to heat-pumps that use heat in the air. With efforts to achieve a decarbonized society being rolled out widely around the world, it is our top priority to further speed up our initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across the entire lifecycle.
Management Strategy and Sustainability | Message from the President. 
Transforming the Changes Caused by Uncertain Times into Opportunities. 
Steadfast Efforts Toward Carbon Neutrality. 
Achieving Both Business Growth and Solutions to Social Issues as the Social Mission of an Air Conditioner Manufacturer * Business As Usual In this context, BAU refers to emissions in case of normal business growth without the implementation of countermeasures.
Daikin Group’s greatest strengths are “flat and speedy” management aiming to promote solidarity in organizational management along with closeness between management and frontline workers and “diversity management” that seeks to attract diverse talent in terms of culture, ethnicity, age, and lifestyle habits and harness their individuality and strengths as the organization’s strength. The diverse value offered by the Daikin Group’s 80,000-strong workforce serves as the source of our competitiveness, which is backed by the cohesiveness and trust between management and employees. Our ability to refine management’s capabilities utilizing the diversity of our workforce will make Daikin’s sustainable growth a reality.
Utilizing Diversity in Human Resources as a Source of Our Competitiveness. 
Daikin has supported the 10 principles of the UN Global Compact since 2008 and endorsed the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) since 2019. We are committed to continuously meeting the expectations of our various stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, investors, suppliers, employees, and local communities as a company that gives back to society as it grows.
Continuing to Live Up to the Expectations of Stakeholders. 
Masanori Togawa President and CEO Daikin Industries, Ltd.
6 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 5 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Environmental Vision 2050. 
Value Creation for the Earth. 
Reduce environmental impact through all business activities and contribute to alleviating climate change • Further raise the environmental performance of products • Make effective use of resources • Protect forests and help sustain their inherent functions. 
Value Creation for People. 
Pursue new possibilities for air and contribute to healthy, comfortable lifestyles. 
Daikin’s Aims for Value Creation. 
Foundation Underpinning Value Creation. 
Value Creation for Cities. 
Contribute to solving energy-related issues arising from urbanization and contribute to the creation of sustainable cities. 
Provide new value that makes people and space healthier and more comfortable while at the same time reducing environmental impact.
• Initiatives for net zero emission buildings (ZEB) • Promotion of energy management and demand response • Increased energy efficiency from the adoption of inverter air conditioners, etc. • Development and adoption of lower GWP refrigerants • Adoption of heat pump space and water heating • Utilization and adoption of renewable energy • Initiatives for energy efficiency, recycling-oriented, and lower resource production • Refrigerant conversion in the market along with recovery, reclamation, and destruction. 
Contribute to solving social issues through industry-government-academia partnerships. 
Human Resources Co-creation (partnerships)
Daikin’s Business Characteristics as Seen from Social Issues • Effectively use energy throughout buildings and entire cities • Build systems for recycling-based societies • Create new types of energy • Provide safe and reliable air environments • Improve indoor environments to support people’s healthy and comfortable lifestyles • Advance productivity to contribute to economic advancement 2025 2020 2030 2035 2040 2045 2050. 
Chemicals Air Conditioning. 
Defense Systems. 
Oil Hydraulic Electronics. 
Fusion Strategic Management Plan. 
Indicators and Targets for Sustainability. 
Contribute to the growth of employees and local citizens. 
Management Strategy and Sustainability | Overview of Sustainability. 
The basic management philosophy for the thoughts and actions of all employees. 
An environmental vision for taking action to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions over the long term (formulated in 2018)
Details on page 11. 
Details on page 11. 
Details on page 13. 
A strategic management plan formulated every five years that stipulates the direction of the Group’s progress. 
The spread of Daikin’s air conditioning, our core business, represents one form of climate change adaptation. Although they will be required more in the future, air conditioners do impact the environment throughout their lifecycle, as electricity used to power air conditioners accounts for roughly 10% of the world’s total electricity usage. Daikin possesses technologies that benefit society through the added value nature of air, including addressing the growing demand for air purification during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Daikin’s Businesses. 
Creating New Value and Contributing to Sustainable Development for Society. 
Daikin pursues management aimed at new value creation from short-, medium-, and long-term perspectives to contribute to solutions to social issues and sustainable growth through its businesses. In terms of short- and medium-term perspectives, we use our CSR Action Plan to evaluate the impacts our businesses have on society. As for long-term perspectives, we have established Environmental Vision 2050 after identifying and forecasting risks and opportunities. Fusion Strategic Management Plans are used to establish specific targets as well as plan and execute measures for every five-year period.
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Paris Agreement to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol. 
Social Problems Daikin Can Help Solve. 
International Frameworks. 
International Frameworks toward Solving Society’s Problems. 
Intensifying climate change Increase and concentration of demands for electricity and other energy forms Intensifying atmospheric pollution Pandemics Resource depletion Food loss • Protect people from heatstroke and infectious diseases • Countermeasures for atmospheric pollution • Creation of value in air and spaces for people’s physical and mental wellbeing • Contribution to increased productivity by liberation from heat and cold • Training to gain advanced skills • Job creation • Contribution to local economic development • Formation of market value (international rules and standards) • Creation of new solutions that contribute to improving quality of life. 
Our Group Philosophy 8 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 7 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


38% 31% 19% 12%
The International Energy Agency (IEA) predicts that demand for space cooling will increase sharply by 2050, which will triple worldwide electricity demand for space cooling.
Analysis of Business Environment. 
Our CSR Committee identified the highest priority themes for both Daikin and society after evaluating the impacts our business has on society and narrowing the range of important initiatives.
Impact Assessment for Daikin and Society. 
In addition to demand for space cooling, there is growing interest around the world in indoor air quality due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Analysis of Business Characteristics and Risks/Opportunities Identification of Key Sustainability Themes. 
Emphasis Placed on Climate Change Factoring in Impacts in the Value Chain and Business Environ ment. 
Business Activity Foundation. 
Relationship with Society Procurement Development, Design Manufacturing Sales, Transportation, Installation Usage After-sales Service, Recovery, Recycling. 
Value chain. 
Impacts of our business and expectations of Daikin. 
Efforts of significant materiality. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions*
At maintenance providers: • Provide high quality after-sales services • Recycle air conditioners • Achieve refrigerant eco-cycle (recovery, reclamation, and destruction)
For sustainable growth: • Foster human resources • Compliance • Strengthen governance and risk management. 
For growing together with society: • Collaborate with diverse stakeholders, including governments, international organizations, industry and academia, NPOs and NGOs, experts, and local communities. 
At our customers: • Reduce CO2 emissions from electricity consumption • Prevent heatstroke and increase productivity with air conditioning • Provide a safe and reliable air environment using ventilation, air purification, and filtration. 
At our distributors: • Market products with a lower environmental impact • Provide training on installation and maintenance techniques. 
At our production bases: • Increase production efficiency while increasing manufacturing quality • Mitigate environmental impacts. 
At our R&D bases: • Contribute to R&D that strikes a balance between growing air conditioning demand and decarbonization of society • Contribute to solutions to social issues such as water shortages, air pollution, and infectious diseases. 
Throughout our supply chain: • Respond to various procurement risks involving quality control, labor practices, and environmental protection. 
Response to climate change Prevent air and water pollution Quality and customer satisfaction Information security. 
Response to climate change Response to resource recycling Quality and customer satisfaction. 
Environmental. 
Governance. 
Social. 
Important. 
Low. 
High. 
High. 
Stakeholder concerns, impacts. 
Materiality analysis Results of Survey on Air Quality at Home. 
Importance to Daikin. 
Most important. 
Most important * The figures on this page represent the total for the group in fiscal 2021. Figures in ( ) are for Daikin Industries, Ltd. only.
Source: Compiled by Daikin based on Sunstar Global Healthy Thinking Report 2021.
Usage is the largest source of CO2 emissions 1990 2000 2010 2020 2030 2040 2050 (Year) 60 50 40 30 20 10 0
(100 million units) (TWh) 6,000 4,000 2,000 0. 
Note: Graph figures compiled by Daikin based on IEA The Future of Cooling. 
We reviewed key sustainability themes at the time of formulating the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan and identified the following seven as top priorities shown in the figure below. Climate change is a theme of particular emphasis. The rapid increase in demand for space cooling predicted mainly in emerging countries represents a major opportunity for Daikin because its core business is air conditioning. The spread of air conditioning is one way to adapt to climate change and it also responds to the need for air purification which increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, risks include rising electricity consumption and greenhouse gas emissions from the use of air conditioning. Currently, air conditioning accounts for around 10% of the world’s electricity consumption. With rapid increase in demand in the future, the impacts are expected to become larger. Given this, Daikin’s mission is to address society’s needs for air in the future and to help reduce society’s carbon footprint. With our long-term vision to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions, we are promoting efforts under the key themes of the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan.
Yes, I’m more aware/take steps to improve it. 
Yes, I’m more aware/worry more Yes, I feel more aware. 
Has the COVID-19 pandemic affected awareness of air quality within the home?
No, I don’t feel any more aware/worry any more. 
Overall. 
Japan. 
United States. 
China. 
Indonesia. 
Thailand. 
Brazil 36% 19% 33% 46% 55% 39% 24% 26% 24% 25% 14% 24% 19% 14% 15% 24% 23% 21% 21% 41% 27% 6% 8% 15% 4.05 million tons-CO2 1.16 million tons-CO2 (0.037 million tons-CO2) 280.08 million tons-CO2 48.58 million tons-CO2. 
Management Strategy and Sustainability | Social Issues and Daikin’s Business Characteristics. 
Identification of Key Themes for Daikin and Society. 
We analyzed risks and opportunities based on the characteristics of our own business operations, the impacts caused by our business activities, and market forecasts. In turn, we identified key sustainability themes, among which was response to climate change, and we are now working to realize a sustainable society by addressing these themes.
Response to climate change Quality and customer satisfaction Anti-corruption. 
Response to climate change Prevent air and water pollution Provide safe and reliable air environments Increase the valued-added nature of air Create innovation through co-creation. 
Response to climate change Supply chain management Respect for human rights. 
Human resource development Corporate governance Risk management Respect for human rights. 
Response to climate change Create innovation through co-creation Stakeholder engagement Communities. 
Worldwide air conditioner stock (number of units) and electricity demand 2050: 6,200TWh. 
Other Middle East Mexico. 
Brazil Indonesia India. 
China United States. 
Energy demand for space cooling to triple by 2050 2015: 2,020TWh. 
Response to climate change Provide safe and reliable air environments Increase the valued-added nature of air Create innovation through co-creation Quality and customer satisfaction Human resource development Diversity management 10 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 9 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


• Market creation from opportunities presented by growing IAQ/Ventilation demand. Creation of new products and services to establish a large-scale IAQ/Ventilation business • Accumulating and analyzing air conditioning data and vital data to create value with IAQ/AE for people’s physical and mental well-being. 
Creating Value with Air. 
Through the power of air. 
Management Strategy and Sustainability | Long-Term Outlook Policy (Environmental Vision 2050)
We will reduce the greenhouse gas emissions generated throughout the entire lifecycle of our products. Furthermore, we are committed to creating solutions that link society and customers as we work with stakeholders to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net zero. Using IoT and AI, and open innovation attempts, we will meet the world’s needs for air solutions by providing safe and healthy air environments while at the same time contributing to solving global environmental problems.
In 2018, Daikin established Environmental Vision 2050, a plan that lays the groundwork for the company to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
Daikin has established a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target after analyzing the future of its business operations in order to reduce these emissions to net zero while bringing the added value nature of air to people around the world.
The three themes of the growth strategy for achieving our environmental vision have been incorporated into the nine key themes of the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan. We will now implement this plan aiming to strike a balance between resolving social issues and business growth.
Toward Net Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Environmental Vision 2050 Medium- to Long-Term Environmental Strategy. 
Targets for Achieving Environmental Vision 2050. 
Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan. 
Executing Measures within Business Plans. 
Target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions to net zero. 
Greenhouse gas emissions Contribution to emissions reductions. 
Image: The power of air. 
Advancing technologies. 
Diversifying needs. 
Environmental Vision 2050. 
Fusion 25. 
Offer new value for the environment and air to realize both contributions to a sustainable society and Group growth. 
Challenge to Achieve Carbon Neutrality • Reduce emissions of energy-induced CO2 and HFCs/PFCs in development and production processes • Global acceleration of conversion to inverter units to lead other companies with environmental products (energy-saving equipment) • Positioning Europe and North America as the priority regions to accelerate conversion of combustion heaters to heat pump space and water heaters • Various measures connecting to refrigerant-induced CO2 emissions reductions to lead the environmentally conscious society and industry • Initiatives toward market expansion and CO2 reduction contributions • Research on leading-edge technologies on CO2 decomposition, recovery, and reuse specific measures to obtain those technologies. 
Through products. 
Promotion of Solutions Business Connected with Customers • Solutions for service/inspections, value-added proposals during equipment operation, and retrofits/replacements to establish a business model that provides customers with experiences • Global business expansion by deploying energy-saving and environmental technologies Daikin has cultivated in the AC domain. 
Through solutions. 
Through products Through solutions. 
Reductions through energy-efficient construction and spread of renewable energy. 
Through the power of air 2019 (Base year) 2030 2050 2025. 
Greenhouse Gas Reduction Targets. 
FY2021 results: 10% reduction. 
With 2019 as the base year, reduce net greenhouse gas emissions by 30% or more in 2025 and by 50% or more in 2030 compared to emissions without measures (business as usual: BAU).
Climate Change Response as a Managem ent Plan. 
Daikin has established a long-term vision for 2050 and medium- to long-term targets for climate change response, which it positions as a critical CSR theme. Toward this end, we will implement a number of measures during the course of our five-year strategic management plans.
Through products. 
We will provide safe, healthy air environments while striving to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net zero.
Through solutions. 
Through the power of air. 
Open Innovation IoT and AI. 
Open Innovation IoT and AI. 
Open Innovation IoT and AI. 
Daikin Environmental Vision 2050 • Use energy management to carry out efficient operation of buildings with centralized systems for energy efficiency and renewable energy • Provision of energy services throughout the value chain • Increase energy efficiency of products • Development and adoption of refrigerants with lower global warming potential • Reduction of GHG throughout the entire product lifecycle including production. 
Through products. 
Through solutions. 
Reducing the remainder by: • Switching, recovering, and reclaiming refrigerants • Spreading use of heat pump space and water heaters • Conducting renewable energy businesses • Protecting forests • Others. 
Net emissions (emissions – contribution to emissions reductions ) Emissions + BAU. 
Zero or below. 
Reduce by 30%+
Reduce by 30%+
Reduce by 50%+
Reduce by 50%+
High Quality of Life • Highly productive office environments • Enhance concentration • Improve quality of sleep Healthy and Comfortable • Reduce sleep disorders • Reduce stress • Provide consistent whole house room temperatures Safe and Reliable • Protect people’s health from air pollution • Reduce risk of infectious diseases • Prevent heatstroke 12 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 11 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Quantitative Index Explanation of Index Themes Initiatives. 
Value Provision Themes. 
E
S. 
G
S. 
Foundational Themes • Number of directors who are outside the company, women, and foreign nationals • Number of female officers appointed from inside the company • We measured the diversity of the make-up of directors • We measured the appointment of female officers from inside the company • Degree of independence from the company, diversity, and transparency of the Board of Directors • Appointment of female officers from inside the company: 1 or more in fiscal 2025. 
Corporate Governance. 
Accelerate decision-making and operational execution in response to management tasks and the changing management environment, and raise the level of management transparency and soundness to raise corporate value • 4 external directors, 1 female director, 1 foreign national director among the 11 directors (Daikin Industries, Ltd. only) • 1 (Daikin Industries, Ltd. only)
Strengthen human resource capabilities by deepening diversity management. 
Human Resources Respect individual personalities and values, and maximize the potential of each employee so that they can benefit Daikin and society as a whole • Strengthen appropriate and smooth risk management capabilities Risk Management • Strengthen and upgrade global legal and compliance systems Compliance. 
Corporate Governance • Self-assessment implementation rate • We measured how thorough we were in respect for human rights through the implementation rate of self-assessments • Thoroughness of respect for human rights and implementation of human rights due diligence Respect for Human Rights. 
Show respect for basic human rights in accordance with all international norms based on the laws and regulations of each country and region • 99%
Fiscal 2021 Achievements Medium-Term Targets. 
Sustainability Targets and Results. 
Note: Self-assessment refers to a self-check system for verifying the status of compliance with the Group Conduct Guidelines.
• Number of meetings of the Corporate Ethics and Risk Management Committee and regional legal and compliance committees • Self-assessment implementation rate • We measured the number of meetings as a way to ensure thorough implementation of policies globally • We measured the implementation rate of self-assessment as a way to foster compliance awareness among each and every employee. 
Support the Group’s sound development • Held committee meetings 2 times and 3 times, respectively • 99% • Maintain and increase the development of global leaders • Ratio of excellent skilled engineers and advanced skilled engineers in strategic engineering positions: 1 in 4 in fiscal 2025 • Number of persons participating in executive management and leadership development programs • Ratio of excellent skilled engineers and advanced skilled engineers in strategic engineering positions • We measured the number of participants in executive management and leadership development programs as an indicator for measuring the development of executive management and leadership globally • We measured the number of persons developed with advanced engineering skills and knowledge and who can lead manufacturing • Held in regions around the world including North America and Asia. There were 31 participants in the Group’s next-generation leadership development program.
• 1 in 6.8 employees. 
Collaborate, partner, and combine efforts with other companies, universities, and research institutes to achieve manufacturing and also creating experiences of new value for society • R&D expenditure 226 billion yen from 2021 to 2023 • Promotion of industry-industry and industry-academia collaboration • R&D expenditure • Number of cases of industry-industry and industry-academia collaboration • We measured the investment amount for value creation • We measured the number of cases of industry-industry and industry-academia collaboration. 
Co-creation We will combine people, knowledge, and information from around the world to create social value • 81.5 billion yen • 7 industry-industry and 122 industry-academia cases (Daikin Industries, Ltd. only) • Frequency rate of lost work time accidents: 0 • Frequency rate of lost work time accidents • We measured whether production bases are operating safely • 1.19 • Increase ratio of female managers • Maintain and increase percentage of overseas bases where local nationals are president • Number of female managers • Percentage of overseas bases where local nationals are president • We measured the number of female managers and percentage of overseas bases where local nationals are president as indicators for measuring employee diversity • 68 employees (5.7%) (Daikin Industries, Ltd. only) • 45% (overseas bases)
Focus on businesses that help control air pollution and infectious diseases to provide a safe, reliable, healthy and comfortable air environment • Net sales of IAQ/Ventilation business: 290 billion yen in fiscal 2023 • Net sales of IAQ/Ventilation business • We used net sales to measure the extent to which we provide a safe, reliable, healthy and comfortable air environment. 
Value with Air We will contribute to healthy and comfortable living using the power of air • 230 billion yen. 
Reduce net greenhouse gas emissions throughout the entire lifecycle in an effort to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 • Reduce net greenhouse gas emissions throughout the entire life cycle by 30% or more in fiscal 2025 compared to BAU, with 2019 as the base year • Greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing (development and production): 1.2 million tons-CO2 in fiscal 2025 • Net greenhouse gas emissions from our own business operations • Greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing • We measured the extent of reduction in net greenhouse gas emissions from our own business operations • We measured how much we reduced greenhouse gas emissions generated from product manufacturing and other processes. 
Environment Introduce state-of-the-art technologies to the market in order to address environmental and energy issue • 10% reduction • 1.16 million tons-CO2 (36% reduction compared to fiscal 2015) • 72% • Class A CSR procurement achievement rate • We measured the ratio of suppliers who satisfied Daikin’s Class A in-house standards to total procurement value • Increase Class A CSR procurement achievement rate among all suppliers Supply Chain Management Build a robust and resilient supply chain that minimizes risk • Held eight times around the world with a total of 127 people, including university professors and specialists from 17 countries taking part • Number of air conditioner forums held, number of outside participants • We measured the number of dialogue sessions with experts around the world related to our core business of air conditioning • Engage in dialogue with stakeholders and reflect this dialogue into management Stakeholder Engagement Respond appropriately to society’s needs and expectations through two-way communication • Expenditure for social contribution activities • We calculated the monetary amount, through donations, goods, and other ways, that we provided to communities • Contribution to environmental conservation, education support, and cooperation with the local community Communities Create strong bonds with communities as a good corporate citizen • 1.4 billion yen. 
Elevate customer value by connecting with customers and providing detailed proposals in response to the needs of each vertical market • Net sales of the Air Conditioning Solutions business: 560 billion yen in fiscal 2023 • Establish service network covering all regions worldwide • Net sales of Air Conditioning Solutions business • Customer satisfaction with after-sales services • We used net sales to measure the extent to which we provide solutions tailored to needs • We measured customer satisfaction (setting the base year as 1.00)
Customer Satisfaction Provide peace of mind and reliability through a focus on customer orientation, experience, performance, and advanced technologies • 500 billion yen • Japan: 1.14 • China: 1.04 • India: 1.19 • France: 1.02. 
Management Strategy and Sustainability | Targets and Results. 
We have established indicators and targets on the Company’s key sustainability themes based on the results of our impact assessment in terms of Daikin and society and the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan.
14 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 13 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Daikin’s plan calls for helping achieve a carbon neutral society including across its entire value chain, spanning from not only product development and production, but also during product use. Demand for air conditioning is expected to continue growing around the world in the future, which requires us to find ways to reduce electricity consumption during the use of air conditioners. In emerging countries, where air conditioners are still spreading and there are no appropriate energy efficiency standards in place, many air conditioners that consume large amounts of electricity during operation are sold, becoming a factor for energy issues. Daikin is working alongside governments, international. 
Countries and Regions Where Daikin has Partnered with Others to Spread Energy Efficient Air Conditioners (Since 2010)
Daikin’s Approach. 
Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions to Net Zero Across the Entire Value Chain. 
Daikin’s Performance. 
Helping Mitigate Global Warming Under Strategic Management Plans. 
Under Fusion 25, we are focusing not only on reduction of CO2 emissions during manufacturing, but also redoubling efforts for the spread of inverter air conditioners, heat-pump space and water heaters, and reducing the impacts of refrigerants. By the end of 2025, we intend to crystallize measures to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions.
Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions During Development and Production Minimizing CO2 Emissions from Our Business Operations. 
Reducing Electricity Consumption During Usage Using Energy Efficiency Technologies to Control CO2 Emissions During Air Conditioning Usage. 
Air conditioners with inverters consume 50% less electricity than ones without inverters. For this reason, Daikin has for years focused on the spread of inverter air conditioners. Inverter air conditioners represent an effective way of lowering energy consumption, particularly in emerging countries, where energy problems are becoming more serious as economies grow. Price, however, has posed a challenge to spreading these models in people’s homes. Therefore, Daikin decided to partner with a major Chinese air conditioner manufacturer in 2008. Joint product development has enabled lower cost and higher production efficiency production of inverter air conditioners, helping to boost the share of inverter air conditioners sold in the marketplace. In ASEAN, countries have introduced industry standards (CSPF*1) for evaluating energy efficiency performance following Daikin’s grassroots advocacy efforts. We will continue with these activities aimed at the introduction of a harmonized system covering the entire region. In India, Daikin encouraged the introduction of evaluation standards and labeling system. In 2010, the share of inverter air conditioners in the marketplace was nearly zero, but in fiscal 2020, this share had risen to 55% and it is expected to grow to 80% in 2024.*2. 
In Brazil, the government revised the country’s energy efficiency standards for air conditioners in 2020. Daikin participated in this process by providing specialized information and technical support with the cooperation of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and universities, among others. Daikin is contributing to building a foundation for consumers to select energy efficient air conditioners. In Saudi Arabia and the UAE, we have conducted demonstration testing on inverter air conditioners. To expand our activities in the Middle East and to Africa, we held discussions with government officials on the need for policy for promoting the spread of energy efficient air conditioners. Looking ahead, we will continue to propose inverter air conditioners with a focus on regions where market penetration is still low.
*1 CSPF: Cooling Seasonal Performance Factor *2 Source: BSRIA World Air Conditioning Overview 2022. 
Carbon Neutrality will Mitigate the Worldwide Impacts of Global Warming Amid the Sustained Growth in Demand for Air Conditioning. 
Targets for Achieving Net Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Air conditioners have become vital to people’s lives around the world, and yet they emit large amounts of CO2 through energy consumption during use and from the impacts of their refrigerants. As the only manufacturer in the world to produce both air conditioners and refrigerants, Daikin recognizes it has a major social responsibility to the natural environment. Daikin formulated Environmental Vision 2050 in an effort to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (carbon neutrality) emissions by 2050. Under the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan, which targets fiscal 2025, Daikin has positioned “Challenge to achieve carbon neutrality” as one of its growth strategies. The target for this strategy aims to lower net greenhouse gas emissions by 30% or more in 2025 and by 50% or more in 2030 compared to BAU, with 2019 as the base year. Using innovative initiatives reflected in management strategy,
Reduce impacts of refrigerants. 
Switch to refrigerants with lower global warming potential and build recovery/reclamation scheme. 
Daikin’s Approach to Achieving Carbon Neutrality. 
Sales, usage, end-of-life disposal/recycling. 
Reduce greenhouse gas emissions during development and production. 
Challenge to new businesses Develop new technologies. 
Promote the spread of inverter products. 
Reduce electricity consumption during use. 
Spread and expand heat-pumps. 
Convert from combustion heating using fossil fuels. 
R&D and production organizations, industry groups, and research institutes, among others, to create systems and frameworks based on the unique situation and issues of each country.
Daikin has established a certification system for environmentally advanced factories based on its own standards in an effort to reduce environmental impacts from manufacturing in a coordinated effort with its production bases around the world. For example, we have established a system for visualizing electricity consumption using the IoT platform of plants. This has resulted in efficient improvements based on the quicker implementation of the cycle involving current situation understanding, data analysis, improvement, and confirmation of effects. As a result, despite the increase in production volume following the growth in demand for air conditioning, in fiscal 2021, we reduced greenhouse gas emissions during development and production by 36% compared to fiscal 2015.
Saudi Arabia and UAE Conducting demonstration testing on inverter air conditioners. 
India Supported introduction of evaluation standards and labeling system. 
China Explained the superiority of inverter technology and assisted in revisions to energy efficiency standards. 
ASEAN Supporting the introduction of harmonized evaluation system. 
Mexico Raising awareness toward the effects of energy efficiency through demonstration testing. 
Brazil Supported the process of revising the country’s energy efficiency standards for air conditioners. 
Net emissions (emissions – contribution to emissions reductions )
Emissions + BAU we will develop a roadmap to net zero greenhouse gases and aim to balance business growth with contributions to the environment (see pp.11–12).
Greenhouse gas emissions Contribution to emissions reductions 2019 (Base year) 2030 2050 2025. 
Feature | Environment. 
Challenge to Achieve Carbon Neutrality. 
Why is it important?
Reduce by 30%+
Reduce by 30%+
Reduce by 50%+
Reduce by 50%+
Zero or below 1 Feature 16 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 15 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Expectations of Daikin’s Ability to Resolve Climate Change Issues. 
Professor The University of Tokyo Institute for Future Initiatives. 
Yukari Takamura. 
Daikin’s businesses and technologies are garnering attention worldwide as potential solutions to the challenge of carbon neutrality. I expect that Daikin will grow its businesses linked to such solutions to climate change issues. Particularly, I would like to see Daikin play an even larger role in Asia which accounts for a large share of the world’s CO2 emissions.
Next Challenge. 
Growing Company Leading Environmental Initiatives. 
Daikin is working to spread heat-pump heating. Looking at the size of the worldwide space heating market by heat source, heat-pumps account for 0.8 trillion yen*3 compared to 3.3 trillion yen for combustion type heating which burns fossil fuels using gas boilers. This means that inexpensive and quicker to heat combustion type heating remains prevalent worldwide despite its larger CO2 emissions. However, in Europe, where heating is widely used, decarbonization is accelerating due to the European Green Deal Policies enacted in 2019. A number of subsidy programs and tax refunds have been announced, leading to the rapid growth of the heat-pump market there. Furthermore, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA),*4 the transition to heat-pumps will be key to social system transformation in terms of not only decarbonization but also securing stable sources of energy, because in recent years the prices of fossil fuels are soaring while supply has been constrained due to instability.
Daikin launched Daikin Altherma, a heat-pump space and water heater, in Europe in 2006. Since then, we have steadily expanded the product lineup based on the climate and needs of every European country. For example, Daikin Altherma 3H HT launched in fiscal 2020 for cold regions can supply hot water without use of electric heaters even in outdoor temperatures as cold as negative 15 degrees Celsius. It is the only product in the industry that can replace combustion heating with heat pump without modifying an existing home. In fiscal 2021, we launched a smaller capacity model. Sales of Altherma have grew 4.5 times since fiscal 2014 thanks to our fine-tuned services including installation and maintenance. Daikin will continue with its proposal activities in regions around the world that still mainly use combustion heating. As part of this, Daikin is stepping up its efforts in North America where there is growing momentum for a shift in environmental policy.
*3 Calculated by Daikin based on data from BRG for North America, Europe, and China, and from FUJI KEIZAI CO., LTD. (2020) for Japan.
*4 IEA press release: A 10-Point Plan to Reduce the European Union’s Reliance on Russian Natural Gas. 
The CO2 emissions from air conditioners are affected by not only electricity consumption but also the fluorocarbons used as refrigerants. Daikin has been working tirelessly to mitigate the impacts of these refrigerants. One area of these efforts is switching to refrigerants with lower global warming potential. The selection of next-generation refrigerants requires a comprehensive evaluation of environmental impact, safety, and cost-effectiveness as well as finding the right refrigerant for each application based on model of air conditioner, water heater, or refrigeration unit. Daikin has identified that R-32, which has approximately one-third the global warming potential of conventional refrigerants, is the right choice for both residential and commercial air conditioners today based on independent evaluations and reviews taking into account international discussions. For this reason, we have been promoting the spread of R-32 around the world. Transitioning to new refrigerants from conventional ones requires the understanding from the market and technologies. This is why Daikin has performed demonstration testing on R-32 air conditioners and provided technical guidance for the proper handling of R-32 in emerging countries such as India, Thailand, and Malaysia. We have also helped improve the market environment around the world by raising awareness and fostering technicians in the field. Moreover, in 2011, we began offering free access to multiple patents related to the manufacture and sales of air conditioners using R-32, and in July 2021, we added an additional 123 patents to this list. The ability for manufacturers around the world to manufacture R-32 air conditioners will help to curb global warming going forward. As of June 2021, when including other manufacturers, more than 160 million R-32 air conditioners have been sold and the contribution to CO2 emissions reductions is estimated to be 260 million tons-CO2. We will continue working to spread R-32 while also developing new refrigerants with lower global warming potential. In July 2021, we made an equity investment in OCSiAl of Luxembourg to speed up the development of energy efficient refrigerants used in electric vehicles. Another initiative is the development of an appropriate recovery and reclamation system for used refrigerants. At the time of air conditioner and heat pump disposal, most refrigerants are destroyed to prevent their release into the air. Establishment of a circular economy requires the further utilization of recovered and reclaimed refrigerants. In fiscal 2019, Daikin began selling air conditioners in Europe that use reclaimed refrigerants, with sales exceeding 40,000 units as of March 2022. We are now actively working to establish and utilize a refrigerant reclamation scheme together with Group companies as well as refrigerant recovery providers and construction companies, in order to help build a recovery and reclamation cycle for refrigerants. Daikin is attempting to develop this system worldwide. For example, in Japan, we established an implementation structure involving both the air conditioning divisions and the chemicals divisions which manage refrigerants. Going forward, we will work alongside governments and other companies to commercialize the recovery and reclamation of refrigerants that have undergone destruction in an effort to boost the recovery rate of refrigerants which remains at low levels.
Focused on the reduction of CO2 emissions worldwide, Daikin is tackling the challenges of new business and new technology creation from a long-term view while also increasing the contributions from its existing businesses. One example is our involvement in Singapore’s smart city project of 2020. The project is looking to build a district-level centralized cooling system that is optimized to control every neighborhood in the city state. Daikin is also promoting the energy creation business with micro-hydroelectricity, with the goal of making the many untapped hydroelectric resources around the world a baseload power source. Furthermore, we are working on co-creation with Doshisha University to explore CO2 ambient temperature decomposition, direct recovery, and reuse technologies that directly reduces CO2. Controlling the emissions of CO2 and fluorocarbons deeply correlated with climate change is a mainstay theme of Daikin’s core business. Carbon neutrality both poses a risk and represents an opportunity for Daikin. We will contribute to solutions to environmental and energy issues by connecting innovative technologies to markets while we grow as a company.
Working with Stakeholders to Promote the Spread of Environmental Technologies. 
Spreading environmental technologies such as inverters, heat-pumps and refrigerants with a lower global warming potential requires market creation by marketing the actual environmental impact performance and the fostering of correct understanding in society. The establishment of rules for properly evaluating and utilizing these new technologies is vital. However, there is only so much a single company can accomplish in this regard. Daikin has participated in the creation of systems and programs around the world through collaboration and partnerships with governments, international organizations, industry groups, research institutes, and NGOs/NPOs. We will continue working with industry, government, and academia to hold discussions on market creation and rulemaking for a carbon neutral era.
Cumulative Total of R-32 Air Conditioners Sold by Daikin (As of June 2021)
Over 35 million air conditioners sold in more than 120 countries worldwide. 
Forecast for the Spread of Heat-Pumps in Buildings based on the Net Zero Scenario for 2050 (Million units) 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 180 2020 600 2030 1,800 2050. 
Brazilian government delegation visiting a research center (FY)
Feature | Environment. 
Daikin sales (including limited sales)
Transitioning Away from Combustion Heating Using Fossil Fuels Supplying Heat-Pump Heating to Europe and the World. 
Mitigating the Impacts of Refrigerants Switching to Lower GWP Refrigerants and Building a Refrigerant Eco-Cycle. 
Source: Prepared by Daikin based on the IEA’s Net Zero by 2050: A Roadmap for the Global Energy Sector.
(Approx. 13.5 million in Japan and 19.5 million overseas) 18 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 17 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Comfortable air conditioning improves bodily comfort and enhances quality of sleep. Based on the knowledge developed through the Good Sleep mode of residential air conditioners, Daikin has focused its attention on effective short-duration sleep that leads to increase productivity. Since January 2020, we have been conducting research on optimal thermal control for daytime napping in collaboration with a lab at the University of Electro-Communications. We believe that it is essential and meaningful to modern society to offer an alternative to those who have difficulty getting a good sleep at night. Quality sleep requires three elements: falling asleep quickly, stable sleep at a moderate depth, and conditions to prevent drowsiness pre-waking. Given that a short nap of 30 minutes or less is recommended to prevent reduced productivity during daytime sleepiness, the study set out to identify the thermal environment that optimizes each of the three stages of pre-sleep, being asleep, and waking within the 30-minute period. Brain waves of test subjects napping in the test booth were measured. The air conditioning inside the booth was controlled according to the sleep state, then the acquired data was analyzed.
Daikin’s Approach. 
Creating an Environment Conducive to Napping for Greater Vitality. 
In January 2022, we published the results of testing conducted over two years. In a Japanese regular office space with 40 to 60% humidity, sleep latency can be shortened by making the room temperature 27 degrees Celsius. Once asleep, non-REM sleep suitable for naps can be achieved in 10 minutes by lowering the room temperature to 26 degrees Celsius. Moreover, sleep depth will become shallower by making the room temperature 27 degrees Celsius or higher three minutes prior to waking, which will lead to more refreshing wake-up. This thermal control allows sleepiness to be resolved with 30 minutes of sleep and achieves the effect of improved brain processing speed and memory after waking. Looking ahead to the commercialization of these results, Daikin and the University of Electro-Communications have begun a demonstration test in an office environment. This testing involves a booth set up with an interactive napping system at point 0 marunouchi,* a membership-based co-working space that Daikin is a part of. In the testing, vital sensors are used to obtain the sleep log of users, while a post-nap survey is also conducted to receive feedback on the napping space. In conjunction with demonstration testing, Daikin is also developing an algorithm to be used in future products to enable comfortable and effective napping.
Daikin’s Performance. 
Napping is an effective way to reduce sleepiness. It has proven indispensable to those in the professions of healthcare, long-distance driving, and so on. With a growing recognition of napping as a factor linked to working with greater energy, there is an increased number of offices that encourage napping. Daikin is committed to supporting the improvement of workers' performance through the power of air by expanding our products and services which will enhance the quality of sleep such as maximizing the effect of napping spaces. In the future, we will continue to pursue the potential of air and space and strive to create new value through our technology and collaboration with partners.
Next Challenge * One of the projects under Daikin’s collaborative platform CRESNECT under which it works with a number of partner companies. It serves as a space for demonstration testing geared toward the development of future offices. The purpose of the space is for users to experience spatial concepts Daikin has created in collaboration with each partner company in order to develop new products and services. Lowered productivity due to lack of sleep has led to economic losses in the trillions of yen per year in five major countries. While sleepiness during the day can occur even with adequate sleep the night before, napping represents a potential way to counteract this. Napping is being studied for its effect on improving concentration and reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases, but the key is improving the quality of sleep. Daikin believes it can contribute to addressing economic and health issues of today by developing many areas conducive to effective napping at any time.
Feature | Value with Air. 
Economic Losses in Each Country due to Lowered Productivity from Insufficient Sleep. 
Commercialization of Technology and Knowledge Through Collaboration with Daikin. 
Professor, Department of Informatics, Cluster I (Informatics and Computer Engineering) The University of Electro-Communications Graduate School of Informatics and Engineering. 
Keiki Takadama. 
This research seeks to answer the question that everyone wants to know: what kind of nap increases productivity? Deep sleep can help eliminate tiredness but makes one sleepier. On the other hand, light sleep doesn’t make one sleepy but does not eliminate tiredness. The research is motivated by the desire to address this question of trade-off. We are able to expand the possibility of applications of the technology and knowledge past the confines of the university through working collaboratively with businesses. Our goal is to commercialize the idea to bring useful products to the public.
Thermal Control for Effective Napping. 
Canada $21.4 billion. 
U.K. $50.0 billion. 
Germany $60.0 billion. 
Achieving short effective naps even during daytime hours when arousal increases. 
Room temperature. 
Time During sleep Before waking Before sleep. 
Quickly reach and maintain non-REM sleep. 
Depth of sleep tends to become shallower at a higher room temperature three minutes prior to waking Tendency to shorten sleep latency. 
Room temperature 27 degrees Celsius Room temperature 26 degrees Celsius. 
Room temperature 27 degrees Celsius or higher. 
Note: Compiled by Daikin based on data from RAND Corporation Why Sleep Matters: Quantifying the Economic Costs of Insufficient Sleep 2 Feature. 
To Encourage Napping that Benefits the Social Economy and Health. 
Why is it important?
Japan $138.0 billion United States $411.0 billion. 
Collaborative Industry-Academia Research on the Optimal Thermal Environment for Napping. 
Demonstration with Interactive System Launched for Future Commercialization Bringing Nap Spaces to Various Locations to Boost Human Performance 20 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 19 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Daikin believes it is important to deliver products to customers without delay no matter the circumstances. Our core products of air conditioners often require urgency and experience sharp fluctuations in demand caused by weather, as purchases are often made to counter a heat wave. This requires that our customers have access to a stable supply of air conditioners. Stable production at our plants, flexible production adjustments, and sourcing raw materials and supplies are vital to this process. There is no way of knowing when a contingency may occur that threatens stable supply, such as natural disasters, accidents, pandemics, or economic disruptions caused by trade friction. With rising risk of supply interruptions caused by a combination of factors, we need to establish a resilient supply chain that can sustain production while avoiding these many risks.
Adjustment of global allocation of procurement based on situation. 
Optimized Supply Chain Management using Digital Technology. 
Decision making based on sales plan with centralized information • Product inventory • Delivery plan • Production plan by production line/model, Operating ratio • Long delivery time parts inventory • Suppliers’ supply capacity • Project information by sales company/product. 
Product logistics Production plan Parts logistics Procurement plan Sales plan. 
Information. 
Natural disaster. 
Lockdown. 
Sharp increase in demand. 
International conflict. 
Trade friction. 
Accident at plant, etc.
Daikin production base Primary supplier Secondary supplier or lower. 
Stoppage. 
Procurement during normal time Contingency. 
To lower the risk of supply interruptions, Daikin has looked to market-localized manufacturing where we produce products in areas where they are in demand. Once a heat wave strikes, demand for air conditioning jumps as a lifeline for people without it. To ensure we can immediately address such sharp fluctuations, we have established a variable model variable volume production system at all of our production bases enabling us to constantly adjust the models being produced and production volume on a daily and weekly basis. For procurement as well, we have established a management approach that combines concentrated purchasing by our procurement divisions in Japan with local production for local consumption where production bases carry out procurement within their own respective areas. Even with this flexible system in place, however, Daikin had to exert a great deal of effort to avoid the impacts from the Great East Japan Earthquake and the historic flooding that occurred in Thailand. For this reason, Daikin is taking unique steps to reinforce its Business Continuity Plan (BCP) aiming for a truly resilient supply chain. The secret behind this is close collaboration among Group companies, divisions, and suppliers based on the shared mission to keep production going. For example, in the aftermath of the Great East Japan Earthquake, the development divisions updated product specifications so that substitute components could be used. Based on this experience, we have incorporated a system into our BCP that enables us to swiftly respond to the development of substitute components and products during a contingency.
Daikin’s Approach. 
Establishing Systems to Instantly Cope with Demand Fluctuations Worldwide. 
Daikin’s Performance. 
In 2021, there was a worldwide shortage of semiconductors and other electronic components due to lockdowns, travel restrictions, and robust stay-home demand during the COVID-19 pandemic. Many manufacturers were forced to reduce production or suspend operations. Despite this, Daikin was able to maintain a stable supply of its products around the world. We were able to adjust supply globally despite the pandemic because of the collaboration within the Group on a regular basis. Persons in Japan responsible for procurement, production, development, and finance held weekly meetings with the heads of the production divisions at overseas production bases. At these meetings, constantly changing information on risk was shared among each region, and after countermeasures were determined, approval was given on the spot to either develop substitutes for components in short supply or determine how to best to address delayed responses with the resources on hand. Action was then taken and the process carried out over again. Global procurement management functioned as a basis for this quick and timely decision making. Daikin ascertains and centrally manages information on supply in the supply chain and inventory at secondary suppliers and others. Therefore, we were able to secure the necessary components and correctly allocate them around the world, and swiftly determine the need for development of substitute components. In this manner, we were able to supply products to customers in a stable manner despite a challenging situation.
Global Collaboration Shines during the COVID-19 Pandemic’s Procurement Crisis. 
Next Challenge. 
Amid rising uncertainty, such as global supply chain disruptions caused by natural disasters or trade frictions and decoupling on a worldwide scale, Daikin has positioned “Establishing a resilient supply chain” as a key theme of the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan. To ensure we continue to provide stable supplies to markets in the future, we will achieve optimal supply chain management Groupwide by centralizing supply chain information using digital technology and having regions take the lead in procurement to conduct local production for local consumption.
Honing Our Strengths with Digital Technology. 
Reaffirmed the Group’s Solidarity During Contingencies. 
Supervisor, Procurement Department, Daikin Industries (Thailand) Ltd.
Chutharat Achima. 
The tight supply-demand conditions of electronic components turned everything upside down. In response, we sharply increased discussions with other production bases and suppliers, and today the Global Procurement Division members in Japan have become like close friends after working so much together. We were able to supply products to customers without delay thanks to cooperation with members from development, manufacturing, production engineering, and planning as well as IT divisions that developed a highly accurate inventory simulation system for this occasion.
Feature | Supply Chain Management 3. 
Establishing a More Flexible and Resilient Supply Chain. 
Feature. 
A Manufacturer’s Responsibility is to Supply Its Products Whenever Needed. 
Why is it important?
Examples of Risk Factors Standing in the Way of Stable Supply 22 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 21 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Data. 
CSR Procurement Implementation Rate*(%) 2020 65 65 65 2021 66 73 72. 
Japan. 
Overseas. 
Entire Group * Ratio of procurement value from suppliers who satisfied Daikin’s standards to total procurement value.
Supply Chain Management. 
Expenditure for Social Contribution Activities (million yen) 2019 1,477 2020 1,292 2021 1,388. 
Communities 2021 11 26 79 116 2021. 
Environment 2018 (¥ billion) Net sales Operating income (FY) 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 0 2017 2019 316.4 276.3 253.7 265.5 238.6 2020. 
Net Sales/Operating Income (Consolidated) 322 7,652 88,698 2021 291 7,254 76,484 2018 269 7,036 70,263 (FY) 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000 0
2017 500 400 300 200 100 0
313 7,499 80,369 2019 315 7,732 84,870 2020. 
Number of Employees (Workforce)/Subsidiaries (Thousand tons-CO2) (FY) 200 150 100 50 0 2015 182 54 41 87. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Development and Production) 2019 16 30 86 132 2020 10 24 72 106. 
Corporate Data 3,109.1 2,481.1 2,290.6 2,550.3 2,493.4. 
The Ratio of Excellent or Advanced Skilled Engineers* in Manufacturing (%) 35.0 30.0 25.0 15.0 0. 
Number and Percentage of Overseas Bases Where Local Nationals Are President or Executives (People) (FY) 150 100 50 0
55 50 45 40 35 0. 
Entire group Daikin Industries, Ltd. only (%) * High-skilled engineers with knowledge and leadership.
(FY) 31.6 2019 1 in 3.2 employees 32 68 2019 47.1 48.6 30.3 2020 1 in 3.3 employees 30 68 2020 42.9 48.2. 
Human Resources *1 This shows the frequency of occupational accidents resulting in lost work time, expressed in number of casualties for every 1,000,000 working hours.
*2 Calculated based on information from U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (November 2021). No data was released for the U.S. in fiscal 2021. (As of the end of JUN 2022)
Frequency Rate of Lost Work Time Accidents*1 (FY) 16.0 14.0 12.0 4.0 2.0 0 2017 1.66 1.33 2018 1.38 14.0 14.0 14.0 2019 1.80 1.26 2020 1.95 1.01 30.5 2021 14.8 1 in 3.3 employees 1 in 6.8 employees 32 63 2021 44.0 2021 2.09 13.5 1.19 1.83 81.5 2021 65.2 2018 62.1. 
Research and Development Expenses (¥ billion) (FY) 100 80 60 40 20 0 2017. 
Co-creation 68.0 2019 71.7 2020 45.0. 
Materials Used (Thousand tons)
Iron. 
Copper. 
Aluminium. 
Other metals. 
Plastics. 
Chemicals (PRTR-designated)
Total 579 94 85 13 105 292 1,167 528 86 83 4
101 259 1,061 2021 2020 2019 595 84 73 5
112 295 1,164. 
Other data can be found on our website. Companies covered by data: Daikin Industries, Ltd. Including Group in Japan Overseas Group companies only Including Group companies in Japan and overseas D. 
Verified Data Verified by Third Party. 
OG JG OJG. 
Overview of Environmental Impact of Business Activities. 
After-sales Service, Recovery, Recycling. 
INPUT. 
Type of business. 
OUTPUT •Gasoline, etc. Fuel (transportation)
Procurement. 
Sales, Transportation, Installation Usage. 
Conduct and expand environmental activities together with stakeholders. 
Materials •Aluminum, Plastics, etc.
*1 Figures have been verified by a third party *2 Figures for Daikin Industries, Ltd. *3 Air purifiers, refrigeration, oil hydraulics, and defense systems, etc.
*4 The fluorocarbon recovery rate at the time of disposal is calculated as 0%.
Energy consumption from the use of Daikin products on the market •Air conditioners. 
Wastewater 9.11 million m3. 
Emissions. 
Chemical substances 0.002 million tons •CO2 emissions from the use of Daikin products on the market •CO2 emissions from purchased materials 4.05 •CO2 emissions from transportation and business trips 0.037 million tons-CO2 •Fluorocarbon emissions during disposal of CO2 Daikin products*4 255.15 million tons-CO2. 
Development, Design, Manufacturing. 
Energy •CO2 emissions from development and production 1.16 million tons-CO2 •Energy-induced CO2 •Fluorocarbons 0.79 million tons-CO2 0.37 million tons-CO2 •Recycled materials •Waste 0.17 million tons 0.04 million tons •Energyinduced CO2 237.30 million tons-CO2 24.30 million tons-CO2 17.86 million tons-CO2 0.62 million tons-CO2. 
Electricity, Natural gas, etc.
415 TWh 1.16 million tons-CO2 •All other products*3 48 TWh *1 *2 *1 *1 *1 million tons-CO2. 
Water 16,421 TJ Water intake *1 9.85 million m3 (employees) Consolidated Non-consolidated Number of subsidiaries (subsidiaries)
OJG Verified OJG. 
Energy-induced CO2 HFCs PFCs. 
Substances designated by the Kyoto Protocol * Environmentally conscious products: Name for Super Green Products and Green Products. Products that satisfy all of the conditions below are Super Green Products. Products that satisfy at least one of the conditions are Green Products. •Consume at least 30% less electricity than conventional products Example: Air conditioners equipped with inverters.
•Use refrigerants with at least two-thirds less global warming potential than conventional refrigerants. Example: Air conditioners using R-32, a refrigerant with low global warming potential. 
Environmentally Conscious Products* as Percentage of Sales Volume (Residential Air Conditioners)
OJG. 
Environmentally Conscious Products. 
Super Green Products. 
Green Products. 
Other products 2019 97 60 36 3
2018 93 51 42 7
2020 98 69 29 2
2021 99 71 28 1. 
OG. 
Presidents Executives. 
As percentage of all executives As percentage of all presidents. 
OJG. 
Frequency Rate = ×1,000,000. 
Number of calamities by industrial injuries Total actual working hours. 
Daikin Group (including overseas)
Japan (average for industries surveyed)
U.S. (average for all industries)*2. 
OJG. 
OJG OJG. 
OJG. 
OJG. 
Air conditioners 24.93 million tons-CO2. 
All other products*3 46.67 million tons-CO2. 
Air conditioners 1.91 million tons-CO2. 
All other products*3 •Fluorocarbons. 
Japan Overseas Overall water per unit of production with standard value set at 100 6,520 (Thousand m3) (FY) 10,000 8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000 0
4,650 1,870 100 100 90 80 70 0
(%) 84 6,950 2019 5,060 1,890. 
Standard value (average for fiscal 2013-2015) 86 6,030 2020 4,360 1,670 76 6,330 2021 4,510 1,820. 
Water Intake/ per Unit of Production 24 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 23 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Overall CSR. 
Honors for Customer Satisfaction Human Resource Honors. 
Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Environmental Honors. 
Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Chosen for inclusion in the MSCI Japan ESG Select Leaders Index. 
Chosen for inclusion in the MSCI Japan Empowering Women Index (WIN)
Chosen for inclusion in the FTSE Blossom Japan Sector Relative Index. 
Received the fiscal 2021 Good Design Award for a total of four products including MCK70Y humidifier streamer air purifier. 
Awarded the NIKKEI Smart Work Awards 2022 in the 5th NIKKEI Smart Work survey conducted by Nikkei Inc., which assesses companies based on the adoption of diverse, flexible work practices, and received the highest 5-star rating. 
Chosen for the CDP “Climate Change A List” (highest evaluation) as a worldwide leader in climate change countermeasures. 
Received the Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry Award for “machi Multi” multi-split type air conditioners for commercial buildings and received recognition in a total of four categories at the fiscal 2021 Energy Conservation Grand Prize. 
Chosen for inclusion in the MSCI ESG Leaders Indexes. 
Honors for Daikin/Online Content About This Report. 
Online Content. 
Message from the President Management Strategy and Sustainability • Overview of Sustainability • Relationship between Sustainability and Management Strategy • Social Issues and Business Characteristics • Daikin’s Aims for Value Creation • Daikin’s Priority SDGs CSR Management • CSR Philosophy - Group Conduct Guidelines • Process for Identifying Key Sustainability Themes. 
Value Provision Themes. 
Environment • Basic Environmental Policy • Overview of Environmental Impact • Environmental Management • Response to Climate Change - Developing and Promoting Products and Services That Reduce Environmental Impact - Increasing Air Conditioner Efficiency - Low Environmental Impact Refrigerants - Promoting the Use of Inverter Products - Promoting the Use of Heat-Pump Type Space and Hot Water Heaters Value of Air • Value of Air Customer Satisfaction • Customer Satisfaction • Protecting Customer Information Human Resources • Fostering Human Resources • Workplace Diversity • Occupational Safety and Health Co-Creation • Collaborative Innovation Led by Industry-Government-Academia Partnerships • Collaborative Innovation Led by Industry-Industry Partnerships. 
Foundational Themes. 
Corporate Governance • Corporate Governance • Risk Management • Compliance • Free Competition and Fair Business Dealings Respect for Human Rights • Respect for Human Rights Supply Chain Management • Philosophy on Suppliers • Supply Chain CSR Promotion Guidelines Stakeholder Engagement • Stakeholder Engagement • Dialogue with Shareholders and Investors Communities • Daikin’s Philosophy of Social Contribution • Protecting the Environment • Supporting Education • Harmony with Communities—Strengthening Bonds. 
Special Features/Previous Editions Sustainability Report • Editorial Policy • Third-Party Verification • Calculation of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Data Environment-Related Content • “Forests for the Air” Project. 
Index • ESG Data Section. 
Additional information can be found on our corporate website (https://www.daikin.com/csr). The website will be updated with information for fiscal 2021 in October 2022.
Honors for Daikin • Long-Term Outlook Policy (Environmental Vision 2050) • Information Disclosure based on the TCFD Framework • Participation in the Global Compact • CSR Management Structure • Sustainability Targets and Results - Providing Solutions - Recovery, Recycle and Destruction of Fluorocarbons, etc. • Effective Use of Resources - Resource Recycling - Water Resource Reduction, etc. • Management and Reduction of Chemical Substances • Protecting Biodiversity • History of Environmental Activities • Endorsement as an Eco First Company • Prohibiting Bribery and Corruption • Information Security • Respect for Intellectual Property Rights • Tax Compliance • Working Closely with Suppliers • Green Procurement Guidelines • Dialogue with Government and Industry Groups • Harmony with Communities—Contributing to Promotion of Art and Culture • Harmony with Communities—Contributing to Promotion of Sports • List of Daikin’s Social Contribution Activities • Report by Business Site • Honors for Daikin • Daikin’s Policy on the Environmental Impact of the Refrigerant • Product Quality and Safety • Work-Life Balance • Employee Evaluation and Treatment • Labor Management Relations • Start-Up Arises from Collaborative Innovation. 
Third-Party Verification To ensure reliability of the content of this report, the Daikin Group had a third-party verification conducted for data on greenhouse gas emissions, water use, wastewater, waste emissions, and chemical substances emissions. (See Daikin’s corporate website)
Daikin Organizations Covered This report covers Daikin Industries, Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Environmental performance data, however, covers four production bases of Daikin Industries, Ltd., eight production subsidiaries in Japan, and 58 production subsidiaries overseas. Daikin as used in this report refers to the Daikin Group, and Daikin Industries and the Company refer to Daikin Industries, Ltd.
Term Covered This report covers fiscal 2021 (April 1, 2021, to March 31, 2022).
Publication Date September 2022 (English edition)
The next publication (Japanese) is planned for July 2023. The next English edition is scheduled for publication in September 2023.
Contact Information CSR & Global Environment Center, Daikin Industries, Ltd. PHONE: +81-6-6374-9304 Email: csr@daikin.co.jp. 
Daikin has identified key sustainability themes, among them response to climate change, after analyzing risks and opportunities based on the business characteristics of its operations, impacts of its business activities and market forecasts. We have also reviewed our indicators and targets on sustainability based on the Fusion 25 Strategic Management Plan formulated in 2021. This report contains Daikin’s basic approach to sustainable growth, fiscal 2021 achievements, and future plans following the five Value Provision themes (environment, value of air, customer satisfaction, human resources, and co-creation) and the five Foundational themes (corporate governance, respect for human rights, supply chain management, stakeholder engagement, and local communities). It was designed to convey this information to stakeholders in an easy-to-understand manner. Additionally, our corporate website provides more detailed ESG information (see page 25 of Online Content).
Editorial Policy of the Report. 
Sustainability section of Daikin’s corporate website https://www.daikin.com/csr. 
Investor Relations Website https://www.daikin.com/investor/
Please refer to the above website for the latest financial information and other IR information.
Referenced Standards and Guidelines • GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). • Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) • ISO 26000 Guidance on social responsibility • Environmental Reporting Guidelines of Japan’s Ministry of the Environment. 
Note In reporting on fiscal 2021 CSR activities, data was carefully reviewed and was revised in cases where discrepancies occurred between actual results and information reported for previous years. Also, because figures are rounded off, totals may not equal the sum of individual figures.
Forecasts, Expectations, and Plans This report includes forecasts, expectations, and plans, in addition to past and present facts, about Daikin Group. Please be aware that these are assumptions and judgments made based on the information available at the time this report was written and thus incorporate a degree of uncertainty. Consequently, there is a possibility that events occurring in the future may turn out differently from the forecasts, expectations, and plans stated in this report.
26 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022 25 Daikin Group Sustainability Report 2022


Inquiries. 
You can also view this report on our website.
Published September 2022. 
CSR & Global Environment Center Umeda-Center Bldg., 2-4-12, Nakazaki-Nishi, Kita-ku, Osaka, 530-8323 Japan PHONE: +81-6-6374-9304 FAX: +81-6-6374-9321 https://www.daikin.com/csr/
Since 2008 Daikin has been committed to the UN Global Compact corporate responsibility initiative and its principles in the areas of human rights, labor, the environment and anti-corruption.
UN Global Compact. 
For its range of environmentally advanced efforts, Daikin Industries, Ltd. has been certified as an Eco-First Company by Minister of the Environment of Japan.
Eco First. 
In all of us, a green heart. 
The symbol of the Earth in the shape of a green heart represents a determination on the part of each and every employee of Daikin to think green (think of the Earth and take care of the environment).
The Daikin Group Environmental Symbol