Doing well by doing good. 
Corporate Sustainability Report 2021


ABOUT THIS REPORT. 
The report covers Mastercard’s global operations for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted. In selecting content for inclusion in our 2021 report, we used the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)’s reporting principles of materiality,* sustainability context, and stakeholder inclusiveness and completeness. This report was prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. We have also reported in accordance with our industry-specific Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework.
* This report contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “believe,” “expect,” “could,” “may,” “would,” “will,” “trend,” “intend,” and other similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to Mastercard’s future prospects, developments, and business strategies, as well as ESG targets, goals, and commitments outlined in this report or elsewhere.
This report contains forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact could be forward-looking statements. When used in this report, the words “believe,” “expect,” “could,” “may,” “would,” “will,” “trend,” “intend,” and other similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to Mastercard’s future prospects, developments, and business strategies, as well as ESG targets, goals, and commitments outlined in this report or elsewhere.
Many factors and uncertainties relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, influence whether any forward-looking statements can or will be achieved. Any one of those factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in writing in any forward-looking statements made by Mastercard or on its behalf.
We describe these risks and uncertainties in our SEC filings, including our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. We caution you that the important factors referenced there may not include all of the factors that are important to you. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update our forward-looking statements.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 2


The job of building a more inclusive, more sustainable world has no endpoint. There’s always more to do.
Climate change and social inequality are long-term issues we all need to address. These efforts were complicated by Covid, supply chain bottlenecks and more recently by the war in Ukraine, rising inflation, and a fractured geopolitical landscape. There will always be challenges, but we must remain dedicated to our efforts.
We need to motivate ourselves to take them on, knowing we must all make a difference, both for the planet and for our neighbors. We see the benefit of learning from each other and identifying where science and technology — alongside personal passions — can continue the progress.
There’s nothing we can’t achieve when we work together and have a clear mission.
This is true for society at large, as much as it is for our company. Mastercard thrives when economies thrive. That comes when we recognize environmental, social and governance efforts are intertwined. We cannot fix one at the expense of another.
Our world — global and local communities — is successful when growth is sustainable and inclusive and when prosperity is shared.
This is why we continually lean into challenges. It’s why we set goals like bringing 1 billion people into the financial mainstream and achieving a net-zero-carbon footprint. It’s why we support Black entrepreneurs to close racial wealth and opportunity gaps, women leaders to narrow gender disparities, and small business owners all over the world to grow prosperity.
At the same time, we know this can’t be an individual journey. That’s where the value of collaboration and partnership shines brightest. That’s why every one of our employees has part of their compensation tied to how the company delivers on our ESG goals. It’s why we actively participate in groups like the. 
OECD’s Network of Experts on AI to ensure high standards for data use. And, it’s been at the heart of our Center for Inclusive Growth for nearly a decade.
In our 2021 Sustainability Report, we share Mastercard’s commitments to make a positive impact and provide an update on our efforts from the past year.
We have the opportunity to bring the creativity and determination that pushed the world through the pandemic to create a brighter tomorrow.
We’ll continue to use our technology, our experience, our partners and our people to create that future. It’s the right thing to do, and a responsibility we embrace.
Michael Miebach CEO, Mastercard. 
There’s nothing we can’t achieve when we work together and have a clear mission. 
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 3 HOME CHAPTER 1


 
4 • About this report • CEO letter • Highlights 01. 
ABOUT MASTERCARD • Our approach • Sustainability at Mastercard - Sustainability governance 02. 
PROSPERITY • Our approach • Financial inclusion and security • I n Solidarity • S mall-business growth • Data science for social impact • Co mmunity support and giving 03. 
PEOPLE • Our approach • Talent attraction • Rewards, benefits and policies • People practices and workforce agility • A culture built on decency 04. 
PLANET • Our approach • E nvironmentally conscious solutions • Operational footprint 05. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE • Ethics and compliance • D ata responsibility, privacy and security • Safety and security • Human rights • Responsible sourcing and supplier diversity • Assurance letters • Our stakeholders • Sustainable development goals • TCFD Index • ESG data table


Sustainable and inclusive economic activity has never been more challenging or more necessary. At Mastercard, we are focused on connecting the “why” of our purpose to the “what” of our fundamental business strategy to ensure that we deliver long-term growth for our shareholders and contribute to a more equitable and prosperous world. And, we see the impact of our ESG activities playing out in three areas—PROSPERITY, P EOPLE and. 
PLANET—all grounded in strong PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE.
Mastercard has been a leader on the front lines of financial inclusion, inclusive growth and data responsibility for more than a decade. We believe in Doing Well by Doing Good, so that everything we do enables people and the planet to thrive. Our scale and reach enable us to make measurable impact, as we track our progress and drive transparency, accountability and integrity throughout our network.
We have expanded our commitment to data responsibility, privacy and security, extending the EU’s high consumer protection standards by implementing the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) globally and relying on our AI Governance framework to ensure that our efforts in this area are both beneficial and aligned with our broader data responsibility principles.
We continued supporting our people in 2021 with enhancements to our tools to help build resilience, improve performance, combat unintentional biases and navigate personal and professional challenges. We offered increased flexibility around remote and in-office work and implemented new standards to ensure that our wages keep pace with inflation, so all employees earn a living wage, now and in the future.
In 2021, we published our first sustainability bond report to show progress toward accelerating carbon reduction, supporting environmental choices for customers, and fostering inclusive growth.
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 5 HOME CHAPTER 1. 
Highlights


PROSPERITY. 
We are focused on empowering people by ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to succeed in the digital economy. Cumulatively, we’ve: ∙ Reached more than 675 million people toward the goal of bringing 1 billion individuals into the financial mainstream by 2025.
∙ Advanced our In Solidarity initiative toward combating racism and bridging the racial wealth and opportunity gap via actions across three pillars: people, market and society. We made multimillion-dollar capital investments in minority-owned startups and other businesses; provided grants to a range of HBCUs and partners working to support Black communities; exceeded $100 million in procurement from Black suppliers; delivered financial literacy and STEM education; diversified our recruiting and talent pipeline; and increased training, mentorship, sponsorship and well-being programs for Black colleagues in the U.S.
∙ Marked the third year of philanthropic giving through the Mastercard Impact Fund, which has approved more than $260 million in grants to 143 organizations across 94 countries.
PEOPLE. 
We are on a journey to create the type of workplace and world where everyone has the opportunity to connect their greatest passions to their fullest potential. And we’re progressing in this work through the following actions: ∙ W e updated and delivered on action plans to accelerate progress in specific areas, including delivery of our In Solidarity commitments, achieving gender pay parity and balance, and LGBTQ+, disability and accessibility inclusion.
∙ We expanded flexibility and well- being offerings, introducing four “work from elsewhere” weeks annually, quarterly meeting-free days, and end-of-week flextime year-round.
∙ Introduced Unlocked, our AI-driven digital platform, where employees can engage in a wide range of purpose-driven and career development opportunities.
PLANET. 
We are committed to reducing our own carbon footprint and creating innovative solutions and initiatives that unite our network of customers, partners and consumers in climate action. To accomplish this, we’ve: ∙ Accelerated our deadline for reaching net-zero emissions by a decade, from 2050 to 2040.
∙ Engaged more than 85 partners through the Priceless Planet Coalition to restore 100 million trees.
∙ Launched the Sustainability Innovation. 
Lab to co-create products and solutions that support more sustainable commerce, such as the Mastercard Carbon Calculator— which is now integrated across our global network helping consumers realize the environmental impact of their purchases.
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE. 
We have a deep commitment to ethical operations and compliance with laws and regulations. To further our charge, we’ve: ∙ Published our Cybersecurity Principles, which outline Mastercard’s multilayered, principled approach to cybersecurity.
∙ B een recognized by Ethisphere as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the seventh consecutive year.
∙ Linked compensation for our EVPs and above to three of our global ESG priorities: carbon neutrality, financial inclusion, and gender pay parity.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 
6


ABOUT MASTERCARD. 
Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. Our mission is to connect and power an inclusive, sustainable digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere, by making transactions safe, simple, fast and accessible.
For more about Mastercard, please visit our site. 1. 
Sanmi Oyenuga Senior Software Engineer, Quality. 
HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 7 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4. 
APPENDIX APPENDIX CHAPPTTER 1 R 1


Sustainability at Mastercard. 
Our mission is to build a more inclusive and sustainable digital economy. Accomplishing that mission will require us to focus our considerable resources on the most pressing environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues where we can make a significant impact and communicate our position and progress appropriately.
Our core behaviors of operating ethically, responsibly and with decency are linked to ESG, making it a vital component of our culture and our future. ESG drives financial value aligned with our business goals. It differentiates us with customers, consumers, governments, digital partners, merchants, and other organizations worldwide, creating commercial opportunities and brand value. It helps us attract and retain talent. It can help mitigate risks, and also is key to our goal of building a more inclusive and sustainable digital economy. This is at the heart of Doing Well by Doing Good.
We know a convergence of emerging technologies will drive radical shifts in the way we work and live over the next decade. The success of our business depends on our staying ahead of that curve, embracing the constant change as an ongoing opportunity, continuing to nurture a culture of innovation, and deploying our technology, products, services, insights and partnerships to address society’s most intractable problems on a commercially sustainable basis.
We are reshaping the world around us, ensuring that growth is inclusive, so that everyone, everywhere has the opportunity to achieve their full potential and the planet thrives. Our efforts are focused on the issues where we can have a demonstrable impact — PROSPERITY, PEOPLE and PLANET.
Sustainability governance. 
Sustainability at Mastercard is driven from the top by our Board of Directors and CEO, and it is embedded in every level of our company. To learn more about our sustainability governance framework, please see the Sustainability section (page 55) of our 2022 Proxy Statement.
INNOVATING FOR IMPACT. 
Mastercard has been transforming how people pay and get paid for more than 50 years. Our technology enables global commerce to thrive and keeps the world economy running. By advancing efforts to bring 1 billion people into the digital economy, we work to achieve a more inclusive financial system around the globe. Leveraging our data insights and networks through partnerships, our innovative solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments, and businesses realize their greatest potential.
With technology evolving at a rapid pace — and global crises exacerbating inequalities and economic uncertainty — we are applying our capacity for innovation and our global network of partners to creating positive social impact.
Our innovation platform, Foundry, helps us to accelerate business growth as well as to enhance the lives of the customers, consumers and communities we serve by experimenting with, co-creating and de-risking new technologies. Our holistic approach to innovating scalable and differentiated products, services and experiences is informed by strategic insights unearthed through customer-centric research and partnerships. Building on our track record of impact-focused innovation, including our Financial Inclusion Lab, we launched a new Sustainability Innovation Lab that’s focused on co-creating the next generation of sustainable commerce solutions.
We also foster innovation through collaboration, partnering with companies across the startup ecosystem, whether through Foundry, our Financial Inclusion and Sustainability Labs, or our Start Path startup engagement program. Our goal is to help fintechs and startups rise to the next level by connecting them to future technology partners, end-to-end solutions and other ways to innovate. We work with startups through all stages of growth and transformation, including market entry, expansion, product development, diversification and innovation.
For example, in 2021, Mastercard and Start Path supported New Energy Nexus’s Climate Fintech Challenge, together with our fintech partner Doconomy, to accelerate next-generation climate fintech innovation, such as the Mastercard Carbon Calculator; we also created new Start Path programming focused on minority-owned startups.
We also foster innovation through collaboration.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 8


MASTERCARD STAKEHOLDERS. 
We prioritize engagement with our stakeholders to better understand and incorporate their views on sustainability issues. Mastercard’s employees, shareholders and Board of Directors are our internal stakeholders, while financial institutions, merchants, consumers, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), suppliers, governments, international organizations and regulators comprise our external stakeholders.
We work with national and local governments to drive increased financial inclusion and inclusive economic growth. We use data-driven insights to help merchants, financial institutions and other organizations create secure customer experiences. We give consumers faster, safer and more convenient ways to pay, get paid and transfer funds. And we work closely with our suppliers to ensure that we can source responsibly and conduct business with integrity.
This diverse engagement is designed to ensure that we prioritize issues that are important to both our stakeholders and our long-term business success. For more about Mastercard stakeholders, see appendix link.
OUR KEY AREAS OF IMPACT. 
In 2020, we conducted a formal ESG materiality assessment. It captured the views of internal and external stakeholders on ESG topics using interviews, surveys and other channels across all our business units and locations.
These formal assessments, which incorporate the research and guidance provided by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), ensure that our ESG efforts prioritize key areas of impact that are important to our external stakeholders and our long-term business success. In the years between formal assessments, we refresh the results as needed.
We found that perspectives from both internal and external stakeholders are aligned. We act on each of these issues, but prioritize those that are of greatest importance to our stakeholders and our business. We then establish ambitions, goals and targets, aligning efforts on each issue in accordance with its materiality. We are focused on a handful of topics that were identified as priorities, including financial inclusion; diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI); climate; and data responsibility, privacy and security. The 2020 assessment became the blueprint for building our 2025 ESG strategy, which was presented to the Board of Directors.
OUR ASSESSMENT IDENTIFIED RELEVANT ESG ISSUES. 
FOR MASTERCARD. 
Prosperity ∙ Financial inclusion ∙ Community support, development and resilience ∙ Consumer financial literacy. 
People ∙ Diversity, equity and inclusion ∙ Talent recruitment, retention and well-being. 
Planet ∙ Operational environmental footprint ∙ Climate resilience ∙ Environmental products and solutions. 
Governance ∙ Ethical business community support ∙ Risk management ∙ Executive compensation and incentives ∙ Board structure and compensation ∙ Data responsibility, privacy and security ∙ Human rights ∙ Responsible sourcing and supplier diversity ∙ Policy engagement and lobbying. 
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 

 
9


Center image: Milin Bastidas, Senior Business Assistant. 
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 

 

10. 
CREATING A BLUEPRINT FOR OUR ESG STRATEGY. 
Mastercard established and presented to the Board of Directors our 2025 ESG strategy, which aligns with the priority ESG issues identified by the materiality assessment. In 2022, we are working to operationalize the ESG strategy throughout the company. Mastercard’s strategy is underpinned by the principle that in all we do, we will use the highest standards for data security, data privacy and the responsible use of data, and we will act responsibly, with integrity and decency.
As we broaden our aperture on ESG, we will continue to focus on the issues that are of greatest importance to our stakeholders, to our business, and to our communities, and that we can address authentically.
OUR APPROACH TO ESG WILL DRIVE VALUE AND SUPPORT OUR BROADER COMMITMENTS. 
Our mission is to build a more inclusive and sustainable digital economy.
Prosperity We will help all people be financially included.
1B people, 50M MSMEs financially included. 
Provide solutions to 25M women entrepreneurs to help them grow their business $250M in financial, tech, product and insight assets for MSMEs. 
Exceeded $120 million in spend with Black suppliers. 
People We respect and value all people.
$500M to Black communities through our In Solidarity program. 
Grow our Black leadership by 50% 5M girls engaged through Girls4Tech. 
Planet We will help address climate change to ensure a sustainable future.
Focus on 2025 Science Based Targets on our path to Net-Zero by 2040 100M trees planted via the. 
Priceless Planet Coalition. 
Underpinned by our clear principles We adhere to the highest standards in data security, data privacy and the responsible use of data. We act responsibly and with integrity, guided by the highest standards of ethical behavior.
AWARDS. 
Mastercard is honored to have earned recognition for our environmental, social and governance work. We received the following awards, among others, in 2021: ∙ 1 00% on Disability: Disability. 
Equality Index (DEI) – Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion ∙ 100% on Human Rights. 
Campaign Foundation Corporate Equality Index – Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality ∙ Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index ∙ D iversityInc’s Top 50. 
Companies for Diversity ∙ D ow Jones Sustainability. 
North America Index ∙ E thisphere’s World’s Most. 
Ethical Companies ∙ FTSE4Good Index ∙ J UST Capital’s JUST 100 List (#13) and Industry Leader


Latoya Bennett-Johnson Vice President, Sponsorships 2. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CH HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
APTER 3 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX 11 11 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX. 
PROSPERITY. 
Mastercard is building a more inclusive and sustainable digital economy, helping secure access to critical financial services that help create a path to prosperity.


OUR INCLUSIVE GROWTH JOURNEY. 
For over 15 years, Mastercard has drawn on its role in the payments ecosystem to drive financial inclusion. From the founding of the Mastercard Foundation in 2006 through a gift of stock at the time of the company’s initial public offering to a business strategy for advancing financial inclusion, Mastercard has a long-standing commitment to Doing Well by Doing Good.
2011–2013 ∙ Introduced the Master Your Card community empowerment program, aimed at achieving financial inclusion for underserved communities ∙ Launched “Cost of Cash” studies ∙ Co-chaired the World Economic Forum's financial inclusion steering committee 
2014–2016 ∙ Established the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth as the company’s philanthropic hub to advance sustainable and equitable economic growth around the world ∙ Launched MasterCard Labs for Financial Inclusion, to impact more than 100 million people globally ∙ Piloted Mastercard Farmer Network ∙ Committed to bringing 500M people into the formal financial system by 2020 ∙ Conducted first ESG materiality assessment and established dedicated ESG team 
2017–2019 ∙ Pledged $500 million to inclusive growth with creation of the Mastercard Impact Fund ∙ Published our first Sustainability Report ∙ Organized the first Mastercard Global Inclusive Growth Summit ∙ Achieved gender pay equity ∙ Established a $50 million collaborative effort with the Rockefeller Foundation to advance the field of data science for social impact, and launched a data.org platform to bring partners on board 2020–2021 ∙ Extended commitment to financial inclusion to 1 billion people by 2025, after achieving 2020 goal of 500 million ∙ Pledged to connect 50 million entrepreneurs to the digital economy, including 25 million woman entrepreneurs ∙ Launched $500 million In Solidarity commitment to address the racial wealth and opportunity gap ∙ Published first Human Rights Statement ∙ Issued $600 million Sustainability Bond, the first in the payments space ∙ Tied executive compensation to ESG goals, including gender parity and financial inclusion ∙ Created ESG Executive Steering Committee ∙ Launched Shared Principles for an Inclusive Financial System with Edison Alliance ∙ Digitally included more than 1 million users through Community Pass, which enables access to critical services in underserved, remote, and frequently offline communities across Africa and India ∙ Committed $100 million investment to support economic opportunity in Central America. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 12 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1


Our approach. 
We’re continuing to drive digital innovation and to support the financial needs of small businesses and individuals by scaling existing initiatives and launching new ones. We serve our customers and deliver value in a way that addresses the needs of the previously excluded and expands the middle class globally.
We know an equitable recovery from the pandemic is critical.
We also use data science for social impact, to help nonprofits and governments address some of the world’s most pressing problems. We enable our employees to provide financial support to, and to volunteer for, organizations in their communities. We know that an equitable recovery from the pandemic is critical, and we believe that by applying the breadth of our assets and the full strength of our resources and trusted network, we can help make economic growth inclusive and help people reach their full potential.1. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
13 1T he data and information included in this chapter were compiled before the invasion of Ukraine.


Financial inclusion and security. 
Beyond access to the formal economy, we are seeking to ensure economic prosperity, particularly for those who have previously been excluded. We believe in a collaborative approach, working through private — private and public — private partnerships toward a more inclusive economy.
Recognizing the need to address the structural barriers to inclusion and a more equitable economy, we are focused on expanding digital access and ensuring affordability and quality. All our work is grounded in the highest standards of data responsibility and security, which are critical to building and maintaining trust in the digital economy. Additionally, we support effectively regulated innovation and competition to maintain the stability and integrity of financial systems and consumer protections.
Through our partnership with the Aspen Institute, we bring together top government, business and civil society leaders to galvanize action toward building more inclusive and equitable financial systems. At the second Global Inclusive Growth Summit, co-hosted by the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth and the Aspen Institute, leaders announced more than $54 million in commitments across 10 new programs to promote financial and economic security across the United States and around the globe. In addition, United States Senator Chris Coons called for the creation of a new presidential commission tasked with creating a federal strategy for improving the financial inclusion and well-being of American households.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 14 CHAPTER 2


2015 2021 2025 675 million people 10 million+ small businesses 94 countries. 
FINANCIAL INCLUSION GOAL UPDATE. 
We work to ensure that inclusion, innovation and trust are central to everything we do. Globally, we committed to bringing 1 billion people and 50 million micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) into the digital economy by 2025. As part of this effort, we committed to providing 25 million woman-owned businesses with solutions to help them grow.
At the close of 2021, our initiatives had helped bring more than 675 million people into the digital economy since 2015 and had added 25 million MSMEs since 2020, reaching 50 percent of our 2025 goal of adding 50 million micro and small merchants to the digital economy. Additionally, we have helped 18 million woman-owned or -led small businesses to digitalize, pushing us to 73 percent of our 2025 goal of 25 million. Separately, since 2018, through the Mastercard Impact Fund, we have helped more than 10 million MSMEs in 94 countries to access financial services, tools and know-how. Mastercard is driving innovation, serving our customers and delivering value in a way that expands the middle class and helps the underserved with our goal of long-term financial security for all.
BY 2025 1 billion people into 25 million women into the 50 million micro, small and the digital economy digital economy medium enterprises (MSMEs)
DIGITALIZING AND MODERNIZING FINANCIAL SERVICE PROVIDERS. 
Mastercard increased its investments in digitizing and modernizing financial service providers (FSPs) in 2021 to give unbanked and underbanked individuals and small-business owners access to the formal economy and a path to financial security. In the U.S., as the pandemic continued, we helped FSPs develop digitized loan applications, underwriting, and disbursement capabilities, as well as end-to-end digital customer experiences and digital marketplaces, through our focus on Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and other FSPs.
Mastercard Direct Services (MCDS) focuses on connecting nontraditional partners that serve underserved or excluded communities — such as fintechs, microfinance institutions and credit unions — to our network, as affiliate members. There has been significant affiliate growth this year in the Americas and Europe and MCDS plans to focus on expansion in Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and Africa.
This work builds on a first-of-its-kind partnership with Accion International. Launched three years ago, it supports the digital transformation of FSPs and equips them to develop innovative, scalable and client-centric product solutions for MSMEs. Since January 2019, using insights, innovations and investments, the program has reached more than 9 million clients through its 30 fintech and nine FSP partners, including more than 2 million MSMEs that are actively using digital tools.
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 

15


16. 
HELPING GOVERNMENTS SUPPORT THEIR CITIZENS. 
We’ve partnered with governments on more than 300 initiatives across more than 60 countries, using digital tools and data-driven insights to support the public sector in addressing practical challenges and improving the support they provide for their communities. We’re also helping governments design and implement digital products and strategies to better serve their constituents. Programs including the U.S. Treasury’s Direct Express® and our own City Key gave more people the ability to make and receive electronic payments in 2021 through prepaid Mastercard cards. The two programs alone included more than 8 million people, with City Key adding 55 initiatives totaling $1.5 billion in 2021, up from $149 million in 2020.
Partnership for Central America In December 2021, we made a $100 million commitment to help bring 5 million people in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras into the digital economy and to digitize 1 million MSMEs after we joined the Partnership for Central America (PCA). PCA seeks to accelerate economic opportunities in the region by driving transformational financial inclusion. We partner with banks, fintechs, NGOs and governments to help us digitize remittances, public transit, social benefit payments and tourism. We also collaborate with them to provide access to affordable tools and services for small businesses to grow, and to build digital infrastructure to reach remote communities.
As part of our involvement with PCA, we signed a six-year agreement with the Ministry of Economy in Guatemala, the largest economy in the region. Guatemala City became the first Central American capital to join Mastercard's City Possible platform. That led to contactless payments being enabled for the city's Transmetro public bus lines. Mastercard will continue developing programs to provide access to modern financial services for Guatemala's unbanked and underbanked populations and implementing electronic payment mechanisms, as well as supporting the search for financing MSMEs.
MEASURING OUR SUCCESS. 
Mastercard, in partnership with the World Bank, this year developed a methodology to estimate the impact of our core products on unbanked and underbanked people. In 2022, the World Bank will refresh its Global Findex data set, allowing us to update our assumptions about access to the digital economy and to refine our strategy so we can continue targeting those most in need.
Community Pass In 2021, we had 1.2 million registered users on Community Pass, up from 0.7 million in 2020. This secure digital infrastructure provides access to critical services including education, health care, humanitarian aid and micro-commerce for underserved, remote and frequently offline communities across Africa and Asia.
Community Pass enables banks, technology organizations, governments and international development organizations to increase their reach and reduce the cost of delivering services, while also giving users an easy and secure way to prove their identity and maintain control of their personal data. Its component programs, including Farm Pass, Mastercard Commerce Pass, and Wellness Pass, continued expanding in 2021.
In 2021, we had 1.2 million registered users on Community Pass.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPEND I X CHAPTER 4


WAGE DIGITIZATION. 
Mastercard continued working with leading apparel brands and trusted local financial institutions in Egypt and Cambodia to digitize wages and savings for garment workers, about half of whom are women. Our unique solutions and comprehensive training are helping these previously unbanked workers have a safe, secure and digital means to receive wages and use their money, as well as the knowledge to leverage these new digital tools to improve their financial well-being. For the brands, these digital solutions streamline operations and offer more transparency.
In Egypt, we partnered with Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), Levi’s, and Commercial International Bank Egypt (CIB) to develop these unique digital products. We provided funding for comprehensive training and worked directly with CIB. Key features of the solution include a debit card; a smart wallet with enhanced features, such as bill payment and money transfers; savings features; and ongoing training. More than 80 percent of participating factory workers received their wages digitally in 2021. Moreover, these programs confirmed a change in attitude toward financial decision-making:
We held 86 virtual and in-person educational events, engaging with more than 13,000 individuals, entrepreneurs and smallbusiness owners.
81% of women reported making decisions about how to spend their salary compared to 52% at the beginning of the program 29% increase in women starting to decide what to do with their salary 100% of women preferred to be paid digitally compared to 25% at the beginning of the program 75% increase in women preferring to be paid digitally. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 

 17. 
MASTER YOUR CARD (MYC)
Since 2011, Mastercard has collaborated with 300 community partners in the U.S. through Master Your Card (MYC), Mastercard’s community empowerment financial education program. Through this program we deliver financial education workshops designed to help students, other individuals and small businesses better understand electronic payment technologies and how to use them more efficiently.
MYC made extraordinary strides in promoting financial equity during 2021. We held 86 virtual and inperson educational events, engaging with more than 13,000 individuals, entrepreneurs and small-business owners. One key MYC youth initiative is the MYC Everfi school program. In partnership with Everfi, we delivered more than 20,000 hours of learning to more than 10,000 students during the 2020–2021 school year. The MYC Youth program has reached more than 51,000 students since its inception in 2016.
MASTERCARD ACADEMY 2.0. 
Mastercard Academy 2.0 is an initiative to provide 100,000 Indonesians with the skills to succeed in the digital economy. As of December 2021, we had reached 96 percent of our goal by engaging partners such as Commonwealth Bank, super app Grab and the Ministry of Cooperative and Small and Medium Enterprises (MoCSME). Through our collaboration with the MoCSME in 2021, we helped more than 17,000 micro enterprises in five provinces in Indonesia transition from informal to formal businesses by obtaining their Business Registration numbers (NIBs).


In 2020, Mastercard launched In Solidarity, a five-year initiative to combat racism and create equal opportunities for all. It includes a $500 million commitment toward closing the racial wealth and opportunity gap and a concrete set of actions across three pillars: people, market and society. Here is our 2021 work.
In Solidarity “W e’ve made progress, but there’s a lot more to do. Everything from creating an environment where all employees feel they belong and have clear pathways to growth, to connecting more Black people to equal opportunities and greater prosperity. What gives me hope is seeing the commitment of Mastercard and my colleagues behind the scenes who are driving meaningful work and helping to move the needle toward greater equity and inclusion.”
Randall Tucker Executive Vice President, Chief Inclusion Officer. 
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 18 HOME CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 1


PEOPLE ∙ W e deepened established relationships with historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and diverse universities and colleges as part of our recruiting and talent pipeline and development efforts; participated in career fairs, student conferences and career readiness programs; and focused on fostering career mobility for our Black employees through dedicated initiatives like our Mutual Mentorship program, Boards for Impact to help place Black leaders on nonprofit boards, and our Racial Justice Pro Bono Program, which pairs employees with community-based organizations focused on racial justice.
∙ W e partnered with Deloitte to conduct focus groups and curate recommendations based on feedback, thereby informing our approach and specific actions, and developed our Conscious Inclusion Learning Experience around topics of inclusion as a leadership skill. First launched in late 2020 for employees globally, with more than 80 percent of employees completing the training by the end of 2021, this course continues to be rolled out to new hires at Mastercard throughout 2022. We hosted Open Circles, where employees spoke candidly about their experiences, hopes and fears and were able to ask questions, share progress against our commitments, and more.
MARKET ∙ In February 2021, Mastercard launched the Strivers Initiative, a multifaceted platform supporting Black woman-owned businesses.
∙ We doubled our spend with Black suppliers in 2021 as compared with 2020, exceeding $120 million, and more than doubled the number of Black-owned businesses in our supplier diversity pool.
SOCIETY ∙ I n 2021, we launched a multi-city. 
In Solidarity tour including New York, Atlanta, New Orleans, St. Louis, Los Angeles and Birmingham, where we connected government partners, educational institutions, local small-business organizations, and Black entrepreneurs to address local challenges and systemic bias. Also, we launched programs focused on improving access to financial services and protecting and growing intergenerational wealth, and delivered our financial literacy curriculum, Master Your Card, to HBCU and community college students.
∙ W e launched our new Start Path startup engagement program, dedicated to Black- and minorityowned startups. The new program provides training, mentorship and coaching, as well as commercial and investor introductions.
∙ W e enabled community financial institutions to increase lending in lowincome and minority communities through our relationship with CNote; made philanthropic grants to digitalize the lending processes of several community development financial institutions (CDFIs), whose mission is to provide capital access to entrepreneurs in low-income communities; deepened support for the National Urban League and National Museum of African American History and Culture; and committed $10 million to HBCUs, including Howard University, Spelman College and Morehouse College, to create programs that educate the next generation of Black entrepreneurs and address racial bias in financial services. In total, the Mastercard Impact Fund committed $16 million for these initiatives.
∙ W e invested in programs like Project ABLE (Active Bystandership for Law Enforcement); developed Test & Learn 911 diversion in St. Louis to pair mental health experts with police to respond to 911 calls; developed curricula; and funded Black Girls Code to add 3,200 girls into its computer programming.
Learn more about our In Solidarity initiative in the 2021 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report at mastercard.com/inclusion.
We funded Black Girls Code to add 3,200 girls into its computer programming.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 19


Small-business growth. 
Mastercard's solutions help unlock potential and keep MSMEs moving forward. We work to help MSMEs pay, get paid, access capital and digitalize, building resilience and enabling these businesses to survive and thrive. We continue to use our resources to empower every business everywhere, particularly now, when the pandemic has made credit and participation in the digital economy even more crucial.
SMALL-BUSINESS COMMITMENTS. 
Small businesses are critical to economies worldwide but are underserved. COVID-19 amplified the needs of small businesses, and they’ve undergone accelerated change to adapt, address consumer needs, and embrace digital platforms. To help them through these challenging times, in 2020 we committed $250 million to supporting small businesses and their employees with financial, technology, product and insight assets over the next five years in the U.S. and around the world. By the end of 2021, we had met more than 50 percent of our goal.
Regional Alliance for the Digitalization of Women in Latin America and the Caribbean We are making progress using country- and region-specific programs, including the Alliance, to deliver specialized solutions supporting the personal and economic growth of woman entrepreneurs. In July of 2021, Mastercard joined the Alliance, which aims to teach digital skills to 3.8 million women and create more than 1 million economic opportunities for them over the next three years. This public–private partnership is under the leadership of the Ministry of Women and Gender Equality of Chile, and is supported by Mexico, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Panama, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean, U.N. Women, and Microsoft.
Strivers Initiative Mastercard’s Strivers Initiative supports Black woman-owned businesses across the U.S. It kicked off in February 2021 with a national ad featuring Black woman business owners from across the U.S. and the Grammy Award–winning singer-songwriter Jennifer Hudson. The initiative includes a grant program in partnership with Fearless Fund. A multicity educational roadshow is driving awareness and providing insights into progressive actions cities can take to foster an equitable business climate.
Mastercard “FIVE” Films “FIVE,” which was commissioned by Mastercard, follows the journey of five women from around the world. Each set out to start a purpose-driven business to improve and uplift her community. These short documentary films from a diverse group of woman directors focus on the perseverance and passion of woman entrepreneurs.
By the end of 2021, we’d met more than 50% of our 5-year goal to support small-businesses and their employees.
We continue to use our resources to empower every business everywhere.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 

20


HELPING MSMEs PAY AND GET PAID. 
We launched our first MSME Installments program for small businesses in AsiaPacific, called Mastercard Installments Card — For Business. We were the first network to bring MSMEs an openloop2 installment program, which helps them leverage credit card payments and hold on to their working capital. Mastercard Installments is accepted across our network and can be instantly used online and in stores. Our suite of flexible payment solutions helps issuers support these businesses as they navigate the pandemic’s unpredictable nature, giving them access to capital where and when it is most needed. MSMEs can pay in installments wherever their card is accepted, providing transparency and flexibility.
HELPING MSMEs ACCESS CAPITAL. 
In October 2021, we launched an innovative partnership with India’s HDFC Bank, the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, and the U.S. Agency for International Development to provide $100 million in credit to unbanked MSMEs, with the goal that at least half of the borrowers will be woman-led businesses. The Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth partnered with the Confederation of Indian Industry and the Confederation of All India Traders to offer skills training and education to small-business owners on their digitalization options.
In 2021 Mastercard announced a collaboration with Eureka AI, a leading enterprise software company based in Singapore, to seek leverage on Eureka AI’s innovative suite of products and solutions across the Asia-Pacific region. Through this collaboration, customers across Asia-Pacific will be served more effectively by providing unique credit risk assessment tools to creditors with an effective rank-ordering system of credit risk for MSMEs and consumers.
DIGITAL-FIRST RESOURCES FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Strive The Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth launched Strive, a global small-business initiative to accelerate economic recovery for small businesses, in September 2021, with an initial Mastercard Impact Fund commitment of $25 million. Strive Community and Strive UK are the first two philanthropic programs under this initiative to help small businesses succeed in the modern economy. Strive Community will work with 5 million MSMEs across Europe, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia to digitalize operations, streamline financial and back-office services, and improve market access. Strive UK will assist 650,000 MSMEs in the U.K. through personalized advisory services, data science–driven tools, and digitalization support. The program will focus on the most vulnerable small businesses, including those that are woman- and minority-owned.
We also launched the Strive Community Innovation Fund, to spark new ideas for small-business resilience and growth at scale. The Fund will offer up to $1 million for digital and data-first solutions to enable small businesses to digitalize operations and to better use financial services or participate in the digital marketplace.
France’s Chambers of Commerce Mastercard is working with the Paris Chamber of Commerce and the Paris Îlede-France Regional Chamber of Commerce and Industry to help its 840,000 MSMEs digitalize as part of France’s economic recovery program. We participated in training sessions on how to launch e-commerce and accept online payments, as well as in events on blockchain and cybersecurity. We also launched tools such as LevelUp21 to help MSMEs move to digital processes with a guided, 21-day process.
Tools and Solutions Our Digital Acceleration program expanded in 2021, adding more than 25 markets globally, including India, Greece, Israel, Australia and the Philippines. The program, individualized by country, offers MSMEs tools and technologies like ID theft protection, cyber-risk assessment and monitoring, e-commerce platforms, assistance with digitalizing operations, networking opportunities, education modules, and digital marketing tools.
Mastercard also launched the Trust Center and marketplace in 2021. The Trust Center provides access to free cybersecurity education and resources from a variety of partners, sharing best practices and tools. We formed 10 partnerships to extend our reach to small businesses served by other businesses, nonprofit organizations and governments.
We launched our first MSME Installments program for small businesses in Asia-Pacific.
2“ Open loop” refers to cards that are not restricted to use at a particular store or type of retailer. Gas or department store cards, in contrast, are part of a “closed loop” system.
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 

21


Data science for social impact. 
The Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth is using data science to help the private, public and civic sectors build an inclusive and sustainable economic recovery. This is particularly important in light of the pandemic-accelerated shift to digital, which had the potential to exacerbate inequality. Data analysis helped us identify the business sectors and communities most adversely affected economically, and highlighted potential opportunities to help them survive and thrive using digital tools, financial services and other resources.
Mastercard uses aggregated and anonymized data on consumer spending trends to help city leaders and others build strong and inclusive communities. In February 2021, the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth partnered with the Asian American Federation of New York to analyze changes in weekly spending across select Asian communities in New York City. We found an early decline in spending and a slower rebound due to the lack of e-commerce. We then expanded our analysis to similar communities in Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago. This information is important because of the critical role that small businesses play in quickening the pace of economic recovery, especially in communities of color.
DATATHONS AND NGO SUPPORT. 
Mastercard partnered with a social finance network and a leading microfinance institution (MFI) in Europe and Central Asia for a 24-hour, pro bono datathon in September 2021. The event focused on strategic prioritization and risk modeling. The datathon showed how data-driven insights can be used to strengthen the quality of MFI services.
DATA-DRIVEN TOOLS AND RESOURCES FOR LOCAL DECISION-MAKERS. 
Our Inclusive Growth Score and tool kit is a suite of tools to help community leaders evaluate and fund economic development initiatives in underserved communities. In 2021, some local stakeholders used the Inclusive Growth Score to better understand the pandemic’s economic impact on specific neighborhoods and industries.
We used the Inclusive Growth Score in Atlanta, for example, to show the pandemic’s negative impact on restaurants, accommodations and fuel, even as grocery stores experienced overall growth. We drilled down deeper to see that a census tract near Atlanta’s Adams Park had one of the lowest Inclusive Growth Scores in the city, indicating a need for increased support and focus. The tool expanded into the United Kingdom this year, garnering positive feedback from key government stakeholders.
Data analysis helped us identify the business sectors and communities most destabilized economically.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 
22


SCALING THE FIELD OF IMPACT DATA SCIENCE. 
Data science and AI can play a vital role in understanding and pinpointing inequities, which can be addressed with funding and programming. That is one focus of our 2019 $25 million Mastercard Impact Fund commitment to building the field of data science for social impact.
In September 2021, data.org launched its Epiverse initiative to create opensource data software tools for pandemic response. It will partner with the Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth’s data scientists to help test privacy-preserving approaches.
Making the case for data In 2021, the Inclusive Growth and Recovery Challenge received 1,200 submissions from 100 countries and selected eight awardees. A few of those awardees in turn secured additional funding, including through the crowdsourcing platform Splunk, to expand pilots into five new geographies in Africa, South America, and the United States.
The Benefits Data Trust is using data, insights and advanced analytics to improve client outreach so it can better serve populations facing high barriers to accessing and enrolling in government benefits. In 2021, it used funding from Mastercard to help more than 10,000 students apply for $24 million in federal need-based higher education grants. It also assisted with 97,000 government benefits enrollments valued at $165 million.
Strengthening capacity Mastercard supports initiatives to advance data-science usage and understanding. We invested in innovative models to build data-science thought leadership through a partnership with the Public Interest Technology University Network (PIT-UN), a collaborative of 48 universities and colleges across the U.S. Through it, we’re helping to build the public interest technology field and supporting a new generation of civic-minded technologists.
A three-year, $1.5 million Mastercard grant awarded to Washington University’s Social Policy Institute in 2020 supported an inclusive-growth speaker series and ongoing research on COVID-19 and cash transfer programs, as well as household financial security and workforce development in 2021. The Institute developed data science for social impact curricula to build capacity and collaboration among nonprofit leaders in St. Louis’s social sector and held a roundtable series to understand local nonprofit needs. Mastercard funding was used to help more than 10,000 students apply for $24 million in federal need-based higher education grants.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 
23 23


Community support and giving. 
COVID-19 triggered one of the largest private- and public-sector global humanitarian responses in history, as the pandemic continued to expose deep inequities in technology, health and education across economies and societies.
TOTAL GIVING. 
Community $77,590,269. 
Match Employee Giving $5,109,842. 
COVID-19 & Other Disaster Relief $38,975,174. 
Other Community $35,505,253. 
Data Science for Social Impact & Economic Development $13,678,271. 
Financial Security & Future of Work $22,618,349. 
COVID-19 RECOVERY RESPONSE. 
Through the Mastercard Impact Fund, Mastercard committed $57.4 million in philanthropic grants to address the health, financial and equity impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic as of 2021. In 2021, we expanded our approach to COVID response and recovery to meet global needs, including front-line responder support, vaccine access, hunger and shelter crises, health care services access, worker resilience, and equity and inclusion. For small businesses, funding in 2021 was highly focused on targeted areas, including skill development, digitalization and access to capital.
Meeting the moment by mobilizing resources As India struggled to cope with a wave of COVID in 2021, Mastercard responded with $9.3 million in charitable contributions. These contributions were pledged to directly address critical needs, including access to hospital resources and oxygen supplies across the country. The investment supported the addition of 2,000 beds at portable hospitals, as well as 860 oxygen generators, and helped 2.5 million Indians gain access to health care.
In France, a grant was awarded to the Red Cross in June 2021 to raise awareness among 100,000 people not receiving health support and to provide vaccinations for up to 25,000 people through the deployment of at least 50 mobile vaccination units through March 2022.
In partnership with World Vision and the World Food Programme, in 2021 Mastercard committed to providing at least 18 million meals to children and families in Brazil to support people living in vulnerable communities impacted by COVID-19.
With vaccines more readily available but access to supply not being equal, Mastercard supported efforts to reach the most vulnerable globally with more than $15 million in donations, plus contributions mobilized with customers, consumers and partners in the framework of cause initiatives and matching efforts. These supported the Global Vaccine Alliance (Gavi) in its public– private approach to bringing vaccines to lower-income countries. Mastercard, one of multiple funders, supported the shipment of 600 million vaccine doses to low- and middle-income countries and the launch of a platform to track the supply and delivery of vaccines and to monitor progress and barriers to access. Additionally, in the U.S., Mastercard partnered with the Ad Council and the National Urban League to support community grassroots vaccine education campaigns and outreach in efforts to address vaccine hesitancy.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 24. 
Overview with Total Giving $113,886,889


MASTERCARD FOUNDATION. 
The Mastercard Foundation is a Canadian private foundation and one of the largest in the world, with $38 billion in assets (as of December 31, 2021). The Foundation was created in 2006 through the generosity of Mastercard when it became a public company. Since its inception, the Foundation has operated independently of the company, and its policies, operations and program decisions are determined by its own Board of Directors. To date, the Foundation has deployed $4.2 billion to support youth livelihoods and to advance financial inclusion and education in 72 countries, primarily in Africa, and this work has benefited millions of people.
In June 2021, the Mastercard Foundation launched Saving Lives and Livelihoods, a $1.5 billion initiative in partnership with the Africa Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (Africa CDC), with the aim of: ∙ Purchasing vaccines for more than 65 million people in Africa ∙ Enabling the vaccination of millions more individuals by supporting the logistics of vaccine delivery and administration ∙ Enabling vaccine manufacturing in. 
Africa by developing the workforce ∙ S trengthening the Africa CDC’s capacity to oversee a historic vaccination exercise — and building the architecture for a health-secure future (additional information can be found here)
Even before the arrival of vaccines purchased through this initiative, the Foundation’s support enabled the Africa CDC to deploy teams of rapid responders to countries to roll out vaccinations before their vaccines expired. Starting in November of 2021, vaccines for 15 million people were distributed to countries across Africa, and more will continue through 2022. The Africa CDC is working closely with ministries of health to set up and expand vaccination centers, train health workers and enable respected community-based leaders to promote vaccinations. Progress also has been made in developing a continental vaccinemanufacturing strategy, and several countries have signed agreements with manufacturers, laying the groundwork to make “made in Africa” vaccines a reality.
In light of the pandemic, the Mastercard Foundation continues to deliver on its Young Africa Works strategy to enable 30 million young Africans, especially young women, to access dignified and fulfilling work. In addition, it is making strides in enabling 30,000 Indigenous young people in Canada to access and create pathways to economic prosperity. Furthermore, the Foundation will be celebrating the decennial anniversary of its Mastercard Foundation Scholars Program in 2022. Since the program’s launch, the Foundation has committed more than 42,000 scholarships for young people. The Foundation has also doubled its initial goal of educating 50,000 scholars to educating 100,000 by 2030. The Scholars Program continues to provide bright and promising young people, including young women, young people with disabilities, refugees and internally displaced young people, with the opportunity to access higher education.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 25


EMPOWERING A NETWORK TO GIVE. 
Mastercard brings consumers and customers together to create positive and meaningful impact through causerelated marketing campaigns, donation technology implementations, turnkey donation buttons, websites, and more. In partnership with our customers and consumers, Mastercard mobilized more than $50.2 million in 2021, through more than 280 donation-driven marketing campaigns and consumer donation technology initiatives. Compared with last year, this represents a 100 percent growth in donation volumes: 40 percent of the funds supported environmental causes, going toward protecting our planet through tree-planting programs, and 60 percent funded social projects, especially in the spaces of health, education and economic development.
The contributions focused on overall health, with particular attention to COVID-19 vaccination efforts, cancer research and patient support. Additional donations contributed to ensuring that children have access to the fundamentals of education and to driving the economic development of marginalized communities.
In 2021, for the 11th year, Mastercard supported Stand Up to Cancer (SU2C) and its efforts to accelerate the pace of research. To date, Mastercard has donated $60 million. In 2021, Mastercard donated $5 million as a result of its annual program inviting cardholders to tap or order online from participating restaurants or grocery stores. Additionally, Mastercard supported partner and consumer programs that resulted in over $2 million of incremental donations to SU2C in 2021.
This year, Mastercard also supported several campaigns with the advocacy organization Global Citizen, a movement to end extreme poverty by 2030. Mastercard provided consumer donation technologies to engage young donors, raising more than $1.5 million from consumers during Global Citizen Vax Live and Global Citizen Live concerts.
Mastercard and two partner foundations also matched consumer donations to Gavi, resulting in Gavi’s largest-ever individual giving total as of 2021, through a program with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The $3.6 million went to procuring more than 700,000 COVID-19 vaccines for lower-middle-income countries and to ensuring equitable access to COVID-19 vaccines. At Global Citizen Live, Mastercard also announced a $10 million donation commitment by 2022 to its longtime partner the World Food Programme (WFP) to fight hunger, and to Conservation International to restore forests around the world.
This year also marked the 10th year of Mastercard’s partnership with the WFP, the world’s largest humanitarian organization. Since the partnership began in 2012, Mastercard and its partners and cardholders have donated more than $40 million to the WFP, helping the organization provide meals to vulnerable people across the world. In 2021, more than $4.4 million was donated in support of the WFP’s school feeding programs in Burundi, Guinea, Republic of Congo and Liberia, and of food assistance operations for communities affected by COVID-19 in Brazil.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 26


3. 
Nicole Yap Manager, Product Architect, NAM. 
PEOPLE. 
Our people strategy has helped fuel Mastercard’s success, positioning us as a global technology company, a recognized workplace and a celebrated brand. Our success is driven by the skills, experience, integrity and mindset of the talent we hire.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 27 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
APPENDIX APPENDIX


Sara Restrepo Cortes Senior Specialist, Product Management. 
Our approach. 
Our ability to attract, retain and engage top talent from diverse backgrounds and industries, and to build a lasting culture centered on decency, respect and inclusion, is key to enabling our strategy to grow, diversify and build. We have evolved our people strategy to support our key priorities — centered on expanding in payments, extending our services and embracing new networks — while applying lessons learned from the pandemic and the ongoing competition for talent.
Our goal remains for Mastercard to be the place where the best people choose to be. We continue to invest in our commitment to being an employer of choice. This begins with offering competitive compensation, rewards and benefits, as well as providing robust career development opportunities across all levels of experience. Mastercard is at a critical point in our growth journey, and we recognize that our long-term success will be driven by our ability to attract and retain talent, drive speed and agility throughout the organization, build on our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, and embrace innovation.
Our goal remains for Mastercard to be the place where the best people choose to be.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

28


PILLARS OF PEOPLE STRATEGY. 
These pillars comprise our evolved people strategy.
Our vision statement:
The place where the best people choose to be. 
Culture built on decency, enabling speed and innovation. 
Best-in-class Differentiated Transparent Skilled and agile World-class leadership talent attraction rewards, benefits and policies people practices workforce and succession k r o w of e r u t u F. 
Operational excellence. 
Left to right: Koyabi Nbiba, Associate Analyst, Mastercard Launch; Priscilla Russo, Manager, Business Development; Maddie Callis, Director, Business Development; Sam Kies, Director, Account Management; Martin Schmidt, Senior Vice President, Sales Insights and Enablement. 
C H A P T E R 1 HOM E C H A P T E R 2 C H A P T E R 3 C H A P T E R 5 A P P E N D I X C H A P T E R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
29


Talent attraction. 
Leveraging the strength of our brand, we attract talent through acquisitions, always-on workforce planning, and recruitment that incorporates a variety of sources. There continues to be an unprecedented demand for talent with engineering, technical and consulting skills, making it challenging for us to attract and retain these talent pools. Voluntary attrition levels at Mastercard rose to 10.6 percent in 2021, reflecting the broader trend of elevated employee resignations across the globe.
We recognize the changing, diverse needs of our employees and candidates and have adopted new policies regarding how, where and when people work. We continue to explore new offerings of flexibility and well-being, having recently introduced four “work from elsewhere” weeks, meeting-free days, and end-of-week flextime.
These efforts build on our strong and compelling employer brand as a techfor-good company offering equal access to career growth opportunities and purpose-driven work.
ALWAYS-ON TALENT ACQUISITION MODEL. 
We leverage strategic workforce planning to fill critical roles quickly. The always-on model helps us prioritize skill areas that are instrumental to the company’s growth ambitions, and creates access to nontraditional hiring pools. It provides a continuous flow of talent, so that managers can hire people with such skills as artificial intelligence, crypto, data security, and blockchain experience, and rapidly deploy new hires within their teams. This new model is designed to help Mastercard attract and retain the best talent, while ensuring we have the right resources with the right skills to execute our business strategy.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 30


YOUTH EMPLOYMENT AND APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS. 
Our youth employment and apprenticeships in the U.S., Ireland and India enhance our talent pipeline and increase the diversity of our workforce. They are designed to create sustainable, positive social impact for underserved youth and young adults. These programs range from a few weeks to a few years, with an emphasis on building career readiness, learning new technology-related skills, providing financial support for postsecondary education, and broadening community engagement.
NEURODIVERSITY PILOT. 
In August 2021, we launched a pilot program focused on hiring neurodiverse (meaning autistic or otherwise neurologically atypical) candidates. In partnership with the nonprofit organization Neurodiversity in the Workplace (NITW), we recruited candidates for full-time job opportunities in Operations and Technology. Candidates participated in a five-day virtual hiring event that prioritized direct skill demonstration to eliminate bias and better align roles. Several participants joined Mastercard as full-time employees.
CAMPUS ATTRACTION. 
We continued our virtual recruiting model to fill our internship and trainee programs, hosting a series of technologyfocused hackathons (problem-solving events) and virtual information sessions. We also partnered with several organizations to increase the diversity of our candidate pipeline, including direct-to-student outreach through the recruiting app Handshake and participation in the TAPIA Conference and the Grace Hopper Celebration.
We continued to bolster Black employee recruitment through new and expanded partnerships with historically Black colleges and universities, including Howard University, and other organizations, such as INROADS, that help us connect with diverse talent as part of our In Solidarity initiative.
Since 2020, our paid-internship program and 18-month new hire program for recently graduated talent have been held virtually, and we continue to offer an 18-month rotational leadership development program for new graduates with advanced degrees.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 31 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1


Monica Chavez Vice President, Area Marketing. 
Rewards, benefits and policies. 
Mastercard continues to invest in programs and policies that (1) align with our culture of decency, (2) connect with our mission and our environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities, and (3) provide for the health, safety and well-being of our employees and their families. We conducted a global living-wage analysis in 2021 and confirmed that all employees are paid a living wage. We also enhanced our monitoring and associated standards to ensure we continue to keep pace with inflation and maintain a living wage for all employees.
We are implementing policies that increase flexibility around hybrid working, benefits and wellbeing choices.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
32. 
Our differentiated rewards, benefits and policies are designed to support and retain our diverse and inclusive workforce while making the company competitive in global and local talent markets. These flexible and customized offerings are intended to appeal to all skills and backgrounds. We are implementing policies that increase flexibility around hybrid working, benefits and well-being choices. These policies will allow us to better address challenges related to talent attraction and retention.


Our 2021 global living-wage analysis confirmed that all employees are paid a living wage; we continue to monitor standards and economic trends to ensure ongoing competitiveness.
COMPENSATION. 
Mastercard offers compelling opportunities to earn pay that is aligned with value creation, including a compensation approach under which eligible employees across multiple job levels can receive long-term incentive (LTI) equity awards. This year, we assessed the competitiveness of our pay for our critical talent pools. As a result, we introduced greater differentiation in total reward outcomes for top performers to keep us competitive in a talent market characterized by scarcity and high demand for specific skills. We benchmarked equity participation across career levels and job categories and reduced the LTI vesting schedule from four years to three years for LTI awards granted on or after March 1, 2022.
3 Numbers as of September 30, 2021. 
Closing the pay gap Mastercard is closing in on pay equity across all measures. Based on our annual pay equity analysis,3 globally, female employees earn equal pay for equal work — $1 for every $1 male employees earn. Employees of color earn $1 for every $1 white employees earn. The median pay for people of color is 92.6 percent of the median for white employees in the U.S. We continue to work to improve these numbers and identify opportunities to further close the gap, and in order to incentivize executives to strive to do so, introduced a modifier to our 2021 executive compensation plan that includes quantitative goals for closing the gender pay gap, among other things.
BENEFITS. 
We’ve enhanced coverage in North America for employees seeking genderaffirming procedures to include those recognized as medically necessary by the World Professional Association for Transgender Health. We continue to offer 16 weeks of new-parent leave paid at 100 percent for all employees globally, regardless of gender, sexual orientation or caregiver status; five days paid time off to volunteer; and up to $15,000 in charitable match contributions per employee per year. We provide financial support for adoption, surrogacy and fertility treatments globally when these are not covered by an employee’s medical insurance, and paid bereavement leave of up to 20 days to support our employees following the death of a family member.
Health and well-being We provide critical resources for mental, physical, financial and social well-being in order to help our employees be at their best and achieve personal growth. We also invest in programs and practices that improve employees’ daily work habits and routines, helping them find the flexibility they need to support their worklife balance. These include our partnership with Thrive Global. Additionally, the Employee Family Resource Program gives employees and their family members access to free counseling sessions as needed. For more details about our benefits programs, click here.
RETIREMENT. 
To assist our employees with retirement readiness, we match up to 10% base pay for all employees globally toward retirement savings plans. For example, $1.67 for every $1 contributed on the first 6 percent of base pay for all employees in the U.S. These locally based programs are 100 percent vested from day one of hire, with more than 90 percent of our eligible employees participating in our retirement savings plans.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 33


End-of-week flextime gives employees a half-day of unstructured time to close out projects, plan for the week ahead or take advantage of the many learning and development opportunities available to them.
THE FUTURE OF WORK. 
We recognize that employees around the world value flexibility. We make sure our people can work where and when they want to or need to, with multiple options for building flexibility into their life. Many roles have been classified as: ”location-agnostic” or “full-time remote.” In addition to our flexible hybrid work policy, we introduced quarterly meeting-free days and the option to work remotely full-time for up to four weeks per year from any location. End-ofweek flextime gives employees a half-day of unstructured time to close out projects, plan for the week ahead or take advantage of the many learning and development opportunities available to them. We’ve also enhanced our offices to better support hybrid collaboration by improving connectivity and video capabilities.
HEALTH AND SAFETY. 
Throughout the pandemic, the health and well-being of our people have been our key priority. As we return to the office, we maintain enhanced safety measures to provide a secure and healthy space, using data, science and government guidelines in all decisions. Our pulse surveys indicate that employees feel safe in these workspaces. We recognized that we innovate better when we are together, so we allow each of our locations to establish its own policies while following global minimum standards. This allows for both in-person team collaboration and greater levels of flexibility. Tanay Davis Associate Specialist, Marketing and Communications. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 34


Programs are designed to help increase gender and racial representation across the company.
People practices and workforce agility. 
Mastercard’s talent development programs have multiple goals related to the attraction, development and retention of our talent. They are intended to ensure that the behaviors and skills that best support our current business priorities and future business success are embedded throughout the workforce. They also are designed to help increase gender and racial representation across the company.
That’s why access to these development opportunities is equitable and inclusive. Our programs are created to foster collaboration and nimbleness and accelerate innovation and customer engagement, and are backed by candid feedback and constructive support for career development. They also are meant to allow us to mobilize skilled and agile crossfunctional teams to create and launch products quickly and be successful in a fast-paced, digitally native environment. Developmental programs include a focus on digital employee experiences and ongoing investment in tools, technology and innovative office environments. We are also working to improve transparency in promotion decisions and to establish clear advancement paths. For acquired talent, we are evolving our approach to ensure that we retain the talent needed to successfully execute integration and that we maintain the right long-term talent at Mastercard.
TALENT DEVELOPMENT PARTICIPATION 100% of our workforce had access to our Leadership Academy offerings, regardless of whether they were people managers or individual contributors.
25% of people managers participated in one or more of our leadership programs.
10% of our workforce participated in one or more programs focused on social responsibility and diversity.
100% of our early-career hires participated in our Launch bootcamp.
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY & DIVERSITY PROGRAMS 2,407 participants 15 programs. 
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 5 Flagship programs ∙ Executive Leadership Program ∙ LeadershipNOW ∙ Future Leaders. 
Program Launch ∙ Country Manager Leadership Journey 3,532 participants 8 Leadership Academy courses ∙ Virtual People Manager ∙ People Leader Modules ∙ Individual Contributor. 
Courses ∙ Building Bridges ∙ Building Belief ∙ Delivering Change ∙ Shaping Futures ∙ Leading Mastercard’s Hybrid Workforce. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 

35


UNLOCKED. 
Unlocked is Mastercard’s new AI-driven digital opportunity marketplace. Through it, employees can find a wide range of career development opportunities, including project-based, volunteering, pro bono and mentoring opportunities. We believe Unlocked will help futureproof the workforce by accelerating upskilling and reskilling, allowing us to redeploy talent quickly where the business needs are highest. In addition, Unlocked provides access to the full talent pool at Mastercard to help us address collective business challenges.
ORGANIZATIONAL AGILITY. 
Our learning academies and guilds empower our people to accelerate their career growth through a wide portfolio that includes self-driven, online content, instructor-led classes, guild-led refreshers, and college- and graduate-degree credit. We also continue to update career frameworks, creating new career paths. Our guilds, empowered by our learning academies, are key elements in our goforward approach to improving how we scale access to career opportunities.
Guilds enable Mastercard program frameworks by: ∙ B uilding the community of practitioners in their field and sharing best practices ∙ Su pporting the learning journeys for employees in their field and sharing insights on how to build skills ∙ Sharing expertise with managers (e.g., skills evaluations, job family evolution)
LEADERSHIP AND SUCCESSION. 
We prioritize identifying top talent, training them to be flexible managers with strong general management skills. We have specialized training for our future country leaders that encompasses issues like reconciling dilemmas, leading through uncertainty and navigating challenges. We embed inclusion principles in all training to ensure that our people leaders think and act inclusively. We try to develop accountable people leaders who enable speed and innovation throughout the company and reinforce our culture of decency. We continue to build diverse talent pools for key leadership roles with targeted development plans to secure the company’s future.
GUILDS. 
CX & Design (CX&D)
Best-in-class standards and tools to define/design exceptional experiences.
Product. 
Develop scalable end-user-relevant products with agility and excellence.
Product Management. 
Technical (PMT) Identify business needs and provide high-fidelity input that relays customer requirements.
Program Management Manage delivery of engineering work across organization.
Software Engineering (SE) Uniformly elevate software engineering practices at Mastercard.
Business Operations (BizOps) Drive consistent practices to operate all technology at Mastercard goods levels.
Service Delivery (SD) Drive greater speed of infrastructure delivery to enable operational health and efficiency.
Business Security Enablement (BSE) Promote a risk culture and security awareness to enhance MA security.
Supported by. 
LEARNING ACADEMIES. 
Human Skills Academy Focusing on how we think, who we are and how we collaborate.
Enterprise Technology Academy Focusing on how we build, service, protect and maintain our products and services.
Product and Services Academy Focusing on the skills required to bring our solutions to market.
Knowledge and Trends Academy Focusing on the foundational knowledge sets that inform our business growth.
Leadership Academy Focusing on self-discovery, peer motivation, team leadership and inclusiveness.
Sales and Marketing Academy Focusing on sales and marketing skills that strengthen our customerfocused approach.
Our learning academies and guilds empower our people to accelerate their career growth.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

36


DIVERSITY AND FUTURE TALENT PROGRAMS. 
At Mastercard, we work to ensure that everyone has a seat at the table and that their voices and perspectives are heard. To do this, we go beyond traditional channels to find and develop diverse talent and attempt to increase access to leadership opportunities for all employees to unlock their potential. Our future talent programs identify where leaders are needed and which diverse employees with potential can fill those roles. These programs include internal mentorships and external pro bono and community engagement efforts, as well as moral leadership training in collaboration with the HOW Institute, that are intended to enhance employees’ skills, inspire personal growth and support well-being. For example, after its launch in 2020, we expanded our 12-month mentoring program to grow and retain our female talent companywide. We believe providing opportunities for underrepresented groups lifts the entire company, and it is part of Mastercard’s broader inclusion strategy at all levels across the company to create meaningful progress and equal opportunities for everyone, everywhere.
Mutual Mentoring Mutual Mentoring is a program attempting to build and foster diverse, mutually rich relationships. Highperforming employees and management committee members are voluntarily paired and asked to navigate tough topics on race and social justice every month for a year. The program creates a reciprocal learning opportunity through storytelling and the sharing of experiences that is meant to inspire personal reflection in a safe environment. Feedback from 2021’s pilot was positive, with participants saying the program helped them grow their network across the company and expand their perspectives.
Launch program The Launch program helps connect our new college and MBA hires with peers and provides skills training, career development, and exposure to senior management over 18 months. Through this program, we support our earlycareer employees as they launch their careers and assist them with establishing a firm foundation for future success.
Boards for Impact Boards for Impact connects nonprofit organizations with Black leaders from Mastercard. These pairings offer the organizations access to our leaders and their expertise, while also promoting Mastercard’s community engagement. Through this experiential program, Mastercard employees are also given the opportunity to enhance and develop their own leadership skills.
We believe providing opportunities for underrepresented groups lifts the entire company.
Left to right: Jimmy Chow, Director, Public Policy, Community Relations; Alexis Nightingale, Manager, Research & Insights. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 37


A culture built on decency. 
Mastercard’s culture of decency and our emphasis on doing well by doing good power our success. They differentiate us and make us a company where employees feel connected to a clear purpose. Fostering equity and fairness is embedded in our culture and values. We’re evolving to inject a focus on speed and execution to help us innovate at today’s fast pace. We believe these efforts will help us maintain a healthy and vibrant culture — and attract and retain talent with the in-demand skills we need in an increasingly competitive labor market.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY, INCLUSION (DEI)
True DEI means everyone has a voice and is heard, feels welcome to be who they are, and has equitable opportunity to be fulfilled by their career. It also means that different ideas, experiences and backgrounds are celebrated and valued. We continue to further integrate diversity, equity and inclusion into our culture, specifically through teaching of inclusion, and by striving to level the playing field so all employees have equal opportunities to reach their full potential. This not only is the right thing to do but also drives innovation and unlocks potential for our business. We have developed regional and functional inclusion action plans to identify priorities and actions that accelerate progress in specific areas, including delivery of our In Solidarity commitments, achieving gender pay parity and balance, and LGBTQ+, disability and accessibility inclusion.
Seat at the Table Seat at the Table is an initiative to ensure that all voices are heard. It brings Mastercard employees with diverse perspectives together to have meaningful conversations and engage globally around the theme of inclusion. This year, Seat at the Table forums were launched in all regions, with hundreds of employees tuning in to each forum to join the conversation on Mastercard’s inclusion efforts in each region and learn about the importance of different perspectives.
Gender Mastercard is addressing gender inequality and exclusion. We have committed to cultivating diverse talent across the company as we build a globally dynamic, gender-balanced team wherein we want each employee to feel valued, respected and empowered. We’re also implementing programs designed to meet the unique needs of women, as well as promoting the next generation of women leaders with partnerships and programs that advance women’s and girls’ health and education.
True DEI means everyone has a voice and is heard, feels welcome to be who they are, and has equitable opportunity to be fulfilled by their career.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
38


ABOUT 40% OF MASTERCARD’S EMPLOYEES BELONG TO ONE OF THESE GROUPS 9 Global Business Resource Groups 130+ Local Chapters 10,000+ Members. 
BUSINESS RESOURCE GROUPS. 
About a third of Mastercard’s employees belong to at least one of our nine BRGs, with more than 100 local chapters around the world. They provide employees with the opportunity to develop programs and initiatives to increase awareness about inclusion and diversity. They help innovation flourish within Mastercard.
SOME 2021 HIGHLIGHTS INCLUDE. 
ADAPTabilty (Employees and their families with different abilities) supported the neurodiversity hiring pilot program and led a global innovation challenge that focused on how Mastercard can evolve our customer-facing portal to be more inclusive for people with disabilities, and that drew together over 35 teams across the company with ideas to move forward.
ASIA (Advisory Support and Inclusion for Employees of Asian descent) rebranded itself to be more inclusive and provide allies to all employees of Asian background. It presented cultural events across chapters in Purchase and London as part of the Return to Office rollout.
ePros (Experienced Professionals) offered virtual fireside chats, moderated interviews and blogs speaking to the power of mentoring, the value of experience and how best to navigate a multigenerational workplace.
LATIN (Employees of Latin Descent) Network hosted the “Cultural Intelligence Accelerator” to gain insights into the Hispanic/Latino community that were leverageable for products, services and marketing opportunities and created a task force to support Hispanic-/Latino-owned businesses.
LEAD (Leading Employees of African Descent) collaborated with Black-owned/-founded Fintechs and their leaders and boards.
PRIDE (which fosters an environment of inclusiveness and respect for LGBTQ employees) helped to usher in expanded benefits, including reproductive coverage and gender affirmation health care, as well as expanded pronoun options and the ability to add pronouns to email signatures through Outlook.
SALUTE (active and veteran military personnel and their families) increased external awareness of Mastercard as being a forces-friendly company, with new partnerships with Hiring Our Heroes in St. Louis and by achieving “Silver” standing with the U.K.’s defense ministry Employer Recognition Scheme.
WLN (Women’s Leadership Network) focused on providing empowerment tools to help women leaders reach their greatest potential with the launch of its Imposter Syndrome Toolkit, a structured curriculum for WLN Circles; the rollout of WLN Connections for mentoring; and the introduction of Mastercard Women Achievers.
YoPros (Young Professionals) developed a digital challenge (#MastercardChangeMakers) to engage employees globally in completing challenges embodying its seven tenets, resulting in more than 2,500 meals donated, as well as donations to a number of NGOs.
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 39


CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 

 

 

 

40. 
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT. 
Mastercard believes in giving back and being a force for good in our communities. Each full-time employee may have up to five paid days off annually for volunteer work. Those who volunteer at least 40 hours a year with a single organization as part of our volunteer incentive program are eligible to apply for up to $2,000 in grants for that nonprofit.
Our people have volunteered 408,000 hours at 8,948 charities since 2015.
In 2021, 3,594 of our people supported 1,673 organizations with $4,587,731 in monetary gifts, which Mastercard matched, and through 79,174 volunteer hours.
Community giving $5,109,842. 
Employee philanthropy $3,991,222. 
Retiree philanthropy $665,739. 
Board of Director philanthropy $44,000. 
Volunteer Incentive program $225,500. 
Political action committee match $183,381. 
MASTERCARD IMPACT CORPS. 
We encourage our employees to bring social purpose to their work by volunteering or participating in the Mastercard Impact Corps. Thousands regularly donate their time and skills through individual or team-based volunteering, pro bono placements, or science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) mentoring.
Disaster relief We’ve galvanized our employees as trained disaster responders to advance our disaster relief partnerships beyond philanthropic contributions. These trained employees provide their time and expertise to humanitarian relief organizations supporting disaster relief efforts. In 2021, Mastercard employees were deployed to Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas, to help resettle Afghan refugees. They assisted with aid distribution, clinic support and on-the-ground operations. Since 2019, we’ve trained more than 350 employees to serve as Red Cross disaster responders in the U.S. and now in Singapore as well.
Girls4Tech™ Girls4Tech™, which encourages girls to pursue STEM careers and seeks to create future leaders, grew to 45 countries in 2021, up from 33 in the prior year. We engaged more than 694,000 girls in 2021, pushing us to a total of 1.7 million girls globally since launching in 2014. We are well on our way to reaching our goal of engaging 5 million 8- to 16-year-old girls by 2025.
The program added 700 Mastercard employee mentors in 2021, for a total of 6,024 participating by January 2022. During the pandemic, we launched Girls4Tech.com, featuring STEM activities in eight languages, and we digitized the Girls4Tech curriculum so employees could continue to serve as STEM instructors to students around the world. The program garnered a Gold Halo Engage for Good Award for Best Skilled Volunteerism in 2020, and a Corporate Citizenship Award for Best Commitment to Education from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation in 2021.
CEO Force for Good Awards The Force for Good Awards, which honor Mastercard’s most inspiring employee volunteers of the year, have recognized more than 1,000 employees and given away more than $500,000 in grants to nonprofits around the world since they were founded five years ago. Winners who made a meaningful difference in their communities in 2021 included an employee in Dubai who raised money for a new playground at a school in Zanzibar, then gathered a team of 60plus people to build it; four employees who continued our Financial Literacy for Women program in India; and others who created clean water and animal welfare projects across Latin America.


PRO BONO. 
We drive social impact and offer purposebased development opportunities to our employees by leveraging their skills and expertise to provide specialized talent to our nonprofit partners. Since 2020, we’ve engaged more than 1,000 employees globally in pro bono efforts across three signature social impact programs.
Launch for Social Impact All college hires in our Launch development program are engaged in this 6- to 10-week pro bono effort. They collaborate in teams across office locations and business units. They support social impact partners working on solutions for cause areas including entrepreneurship, financial inclusion and youth education.
Racial Justice Pro Bono Program As part of our In Solidarity initiative, three cohorts of employee volunteers have supported our nonprofit partners working on the frontlines of racial justice. They are helping to advance critical organizational projects supporting Black communities across the U.S. in key cities including Atlanta, Dayton, New Orleans, Los Angeles, St. Louis and New York.
Data Science for Social Impact (DSSI) This program matches employees’ analytical and technical skills to the growing global needs of our nonprofit, government and social enterprise partners that require specialized social impact solutions.
Since 2020, we’ve engaged more than 1,000 employees globally in pro bono efforts across three signature social impact programs.
Our people have volunteered 408,000 hours at 8,948 charities since 2015.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 41 41


4. 
PLANET. 
Mastercard’s continuing commitment to building a more environmentally sustainable approach to growth calls first and foremost for reducing the impact of our own operations. This means accelerating active steps to reduce our carbon emissions and working with our suppliers to make similar commitments. But our impact can be even more substantial when we engage our global network of customers and partners to drive collective climate action. To realize this vision, we are developing products and solutions that harness the power of our global network to help encourage environmentally conscious consumer behavior.
Sowmya Srinivasan Specialist, Product Management. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CH HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
APTER 3 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX 42 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX


Our approach. 
In 2021, we moved up the target date of our commitment to reach net-zero emissions by a decade, from 2050 to 2040. We launched initiatives to help us meet that goal, including formally linking executive compensation to carbon neutrality (or the 100 percent offset of our operational Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 emissions) so our leadership teams are held accountable for these commitments; increasing outreach to our supply chain to encourage and assist them in setting their own net-zero targets; tying corporate debt financing to green initiatives; and continuing employee engagement in helping to achieve goals like waste management and recycling. This work builds upon Mastercard’s existing emissions reduction targets, approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in our operations and supply chain by 2025 from a 2016 baseline.
We are also seeing increased adoption of global programs like our Sustainable Card Badge and Certification Program, which promotes usage of non-firstuse polyvinyl chloride (PVC) in the manufacturing of payment cards, in favor of recycled and other more sustainable materials; initiatives like Priceless Planet Coalition and Carbon Calculator; and new programs like our Sustainability Innovation Lab and Wildlife Impact cards. These programs differentiate Mastercard from our competitors, while helping to promote sustainable consumer behaviors.
To further our efforts to promote environmental stewardship and inclusive growth, we issued our first-ever Sustainability Bond in March 2021. Net proceeds from the 10-year, $600 million senior notes will be allocated to eligible ESG investments, expenditures and contributions. These include green buildings, technologies and social programs such as Mastercard Impact Fund, COVID-19 response, and others with a commercially sustainable impact. All projects are evaluated by a committee comprising sustainability, finance and legal teams to ensure they meet eligibility criteria — and we’re holding ourselves accountable by commissioning an external audit to confirm our assertions.
We moved up the target date of our commitment to reach net-zero emissions by a decade, from 2050 to 2040.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
43 43


Environmentally conscious solutions. 
Mastercard’s continuing priority is to differentiate, lead and grow our core business by building a portfolio of environmentally conscious solutions. It is not enough to simply address operations to drive meaningful environmental change. Consumers’ rapidly shifting attitudes toward corporate responsibility and environmental sustainability are now affecting their spending choices.
In a Mastercard survey, completed by YouGov in 24 countries in 2021, 85 percent of consumers said they’re willing to take personal action to combat environmental and sustainability challenges. And 62 percent say it’s now more important than before that companies behave in a more sustainable and eco-friendly way.
We are continuing to build capabilities to meet growing consumer demands for sustainability-oriented products and solutions such as the Priceless Planet Coalition and the Carbon Calculator. These programs are intended to galvanize our network of issuers, banks, retailers, merchants and cardholders to prioritize environmental conservation. We can help cut global carbon emissions, for example, by helping our customers consider more climate-conscious purchasing behaviors.
CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 44 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 1 CHAPTER 2 HOME CHAPTER 1 CHAPTER 2


PRICELESS PLANET COALITION. 
Mastercard continued to work on forest restoration projects globally through our Priceless Planet Coalition, which unites our partners in the commitment to restore 100 million trees over five years. The Coalition has engaged more than 85 partners globally. Consumers and customers have the opportunity to support our efforts to protect our planet through forest restoration programs via Mastercard Donate and the new cause-related marketing campaigns offered in 2021.
Restoring forests is widely recognized by the global scientific community as a cost-effective and efficient approach to addressing the climate crisis. Through photosynthesis, trees naturally absorb CO2 from the atmosphere and store it in their roots and soil. And they provide other benefits — food, shelter, tools, homes for wildlife, and regulating the freshwater cycle, to name just a few. This work involves much more than simply planting trees, however. It is a large-scale, high-value conservation opportunity that prioritizes benefits for climate and biodiversity by engaging and directly benefiting local people to promote a sustainable economy.
We have committed to this restoration goal with Conservation International and the World Resources Institute, whose reliance on proven science helps them guide investments to areas where restoration can be conducted in the most ecologically and socially responsible ways, and delivers the best chance of success to drive positive impact.
This means planting the right trees in the right places to maximize benefits for climate, community and biodiversity, and employing globally consistent monitoring and maintenance protocols. Our restoration projects will not utilize invasive species, nor any species destined for timber harvest, and will employ only ecologically and socially appropriate restoration methods, as determined by each individual project and location.
We calculate not only how many trees have been regrown and, as projects mature, the approximate carbon capture impact they have had, but also how our work benefits the communities who reside in and around these landscapes. How the forest landscape and biodiversity are thriving over the long term is another standard measurement. Ongoing monitoring includes baseline, first-year and long-term protocols for each project, with coordinated global analysis for the entire program, including geospatial and remote sensing, satellite and drone technology, and field-based sampling and ground-truthing methods. Our ongoing statistical evaluation ensures efficacy and maximizes accuracy and efficiency, while counterfactual control sites matching the original conditions help determine additionality.
In 2021, we initiated three projects, in Australia, Brazil and Kenya, as the inaugural restoration programs of the Priceless Planet Coalition. Through the generous support of our Coalition partners, work will continue at these sites through 2022. Additionally, 15 new restoration projects, announced in 2022, have been added to the portfolio, for a total of more than 12 million trees funded through restoration grants.
Mastercard’s Donate technology helps power the Priceless Planet Coalition by enabling consumers to donate directly to its mission to restore 100 million trees by 2025. More than 25 distinct campaigns utilizing Donate technology to support the Priceless Planet Coalition were launched across eight countries in 2021. Funds were collected online through social media and websites thanks to the Mastercard Donate Widget. When our cards were used in-store at partner merchants, cardholders had the opportunity to donate a small, fixed amount or to round up their purchase to the next monetary unit to donate.
We unite with our partners in the commitment to restore 100 million trees over five years.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

45


PROGRESS OF THE PRICELESS PLANET COALITION PROJECTS. 
AUSTRALIA New South Wales and Victoria. 
Target including natural regeneration 430,000 trees. 
Objectives ∙ A ssist communities and restore landscapes affected by bushfires while developing a long-term blueprint for addressing wildfire and disaster resilience ∙ Su pport threatened species and habitat connectivity by converting degraded land back to productivity through biodiverse plantings. 
BRAZIL Amazon and Atlantic Forests. 
Target including natural regeneration 2,000,000 trees. 
Objectives ∙ R estore forest with diverse native species to increase and build habitat corridors for some of the Atlantic and Amazon Forests’ most precious and at-risk biodiversity ∙ Strengthen ecosystem services and create local livelihoods that keep people connected to nature. 
KENYA Makueni County. 
Target including natural regeneration 890,400 trees. 
Objectives ∙ Build soil resilience through planting of trees to improve water retention, regulating its release into rivers and streams and improving water quality ∙
C H A P T E R 1 HOM E C H A P T E R 2 C H A P T E R 3 C H A P T E R 5 A P P E N D I X C H A P T E R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
Create jobs and improve household income and nutrition through agroforestry, while also moderating microclimate 46


CARBON CALCULATOR. 
Mastercard’s efforts to help consumers understand how their purchases impact the environment include our Carbon Calculator, which was launched in collaboration with the Swedish fintech Doconomy. It allows consumers to see the estimated carbon footprint of purchases across spending categories. Then, they can make purchasing decisions to reduce that environmental footprint. It is the first calculator in which the technology is integrated at the core network level, meaning all Mastercard transactions can be scored using the tool. That makes it easy for banks to implement and get into the hands of consumers, allowing for fast scaling. Our partners can embed carbon tracking in their digital products through easy-to-use APIs. Mastercard is the first payments network to integrate carbon emission calculations this way, and was recognized by Fast Company as a 2021 Innovation by Design Awards honoree.
Mastercard Donate technology is also seamlessly integrated into the Carbon Calculator, empowering people to donate to Conservation International and helping restore forests. When presented with the approximate carbon impact of their monthly card spend in their issuer’s mobile banking app, cardholders can choose to donate to forest restoration initiatives that achieve significant impact by counterbalancing CO2.
SUSTAINABILITY INNOVATION LAB. 
In September 2021, we announced the launch of our Sustainability Innovation Lab, the first of our innovation hubs to focus exclusively on sustainabilityoriented products and solutions. Based in Stockholm, Sweden, the lab is a platform for the co-creation, with Mastercard customers and partners, of products that have a positive impact on people and the planet. This effort is also part of the commitment we made as a founding member of the European Climate Pact to support the European Green Deal.
The Carbon Calculator allows consumers to see the estimated carbon footprint of purchases across spending categories.
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 47 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 

HOME CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 1


WILDLIFE IMPACT CARDS. 
As consumers’ passion for the environment grows, we continue to offer ways for people to contribute to environmental causes. The Wildlife Impact Card program is available to issuers globally and offers consumers who are passionate about the environment and nature a way to help protect wildlife and its habitats. This program highlights the urgency for action with its cards that carry expiration dates reflecting the projected extinction of many critically endangered species. We also launched virtual prepaid cards that customers can add to any mobile wallet. The virtual gift card program was launched in May 2021 on Endangered Species Day and will expand into credit and debit physical card issuance in 2022.
As part of this initiative, we expanded our relationship with Conservation International to guide and lead our efforts to protect and restore wildlife habitats around the world. The Wildlife Impact program will support Conservation International’s work to protect and restore 40 million hectares of landscape and 4.5 million square kilometers of seascape globally by 2030. Consumers can also make donations to this cause directly via the Mastercard Donate platform.
SUSTAINABLE CARD BADGE AND CERTIFICATION PROGRAM. 
Mastercard is equipping consumers and businesses with certified sustainable cards with no compromise on quality or technical specifications. We are working with 199 financial institutions in 57 countries to develop cards made from eco-friendly materials, like recycled ocean plastic and bioplastics made from Thai sugar or Nebraska corn, in order to reduce use of first-use PVC plastics. We also now include a badge on the cards to help consumers identify those that are made with sustainable components. These materials are verified by an independent certification program that assesses vendor sustainability claims to offer greater transparency and clarity for issuers and cardholders.
From 2018 to the end of 2021, there were 60 million Mastercard-branded cards produced with approved sustainable materials using Mastercard’s Sustainable Card Materials Directory. That’s up from 10.7 million at the end of 2020. A toolbox of recycling services is under development to divert waste from landfills by helping consumers retire their cards more sustainably.
There have been 60 million Mastercard-branded cards produced with approved sustainable materials.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
48


SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS 2016–2021 MTCO2e. 
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS 2016–2021 MTCO2e 2025 TARGET 2025 TARGET 2016 99,214 2016 849,277 2017 71,504 2017 490,706 2018 495,962 2019 503,012 2020 366,143 2021 494,564. 
Scope 3. 
Scope 1. 
Scope 2 4,486 94,728 64,917 52,859 52,141 52,538 48,974 2021 54,138 2018 57,687 2019 56,898 2020 55,759 6,587 4,828 5,164 3,221 4,758 Operational footprint. 
Our focus has been, and continues to be, on decarbonization. We will continue reducing carbon emissions from our operations through energy efficiency, renewable energy and alternative fuel use. We are continuing efforts with our suppliers, who account for more than 70 percent of our Scope 3 emissions, through engagement, interventions and target-setting.
In pursuit of decarbonizing our global operations, we continued a multitude of programs, including utilizing 100 percent renewable energy, investing in green buildings, and setting targets with the SBTi in line with the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement. Our decarbonization plan continues to advance, with short-term targets being established to enable us to reach the ultimate 2040 net-zero goal that will be submitted to SBTi for approval in 2022.
Mastercard was among the first in the global payments industry to incorporate supply chain emission reductions into our net-zero target. We have developed a supplier engagement program that will help us achieve our 2040 net-zero goal. In addition, our short-term target calls for reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 38 percent, and Scope 3 GHG emissions by 20 percent, between 2016 and 2025, aligning us with the 2015 Paris Agreement.
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 
49


GREEN BUILDINGS. 
Mastercard ensures that the 116 facilities we operate globally are run in an environmentally responsible manner. Our owned properties are all LEED-certified and fitted with solar panels. When leasing new buildings or renewing leases, we seek out those with green certifications and otherwise require certain sustainability measures. Our green building commitment in the United States includes implementing the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Energy Star Tenant Space program. Almost 90 percent of our global workspace meets regional or international green certification standards.
In response to the pandemic, all global Mastercard locations achieved the Well Health Safety Seal in 2021. The process includes developing and implementing policies for cleaning and sanitizing procedures, emergency preparedness, health service resources, air and water quality management, and stakeholder engagement and communication.
We also surpassed our 2020 commitment to divert 85 percent of the waste generated by Mastercard-owned sites. Our ultimate goal is to achieve zero waste at all our owned facilities and many of our leased sites.
Location highlights Following a three-year renovation, our Tech Hub opened in Manhattan. More than 216,000 square feet were renovated. During the design and construction, the team collected and accounted for the embodied carbon from materials used and purchased for the new build-out. That data will help us refine operations, modify purchasing decisions and meet our emission reduction goals. To connect our clients and employees to nature while in the building, we added elements like a living moss wall and outdoor rooftop access. In addition to attaining LEED Gold certification, the Tech Hub also achieved Mastercard’s first Fitwel certification, showcasing wellness within the design, development and building operations.
Our new Dublin, Ireland, office building was certified as LEED Platinum, the highest distinction available, and received Well Platinum certification, a first for Mastercard globally and a first for that city. Our New York and Dublin buildings underwent full-site commissioning following construction to verify that they are operating as designed and intended.
DATA CENTERS. 
All our owned data centers use 100 percent renewable energy. Two-thirds of them rely on solar energy produced on-site. We continue upgrading and adding energy-saving projects to meet or exceed energy targets in our owned properties, and we monitor power-use effectiveness levels for our owned data centers, as well as our co-location sites.
Our LEED Platinum technology hub in O’Fallon, Missouri, achieved a new certification from the U.S. Green Building Council: LEED Zero Energy. It complements our existing LEED certification and verifies that we achieved our net-zero goal for this location. For this certification, we used on-site solar panels to displace nonrenewable grid energy. The O’Fallon site was the first of any Midwest location to achieve LEED Zero Energy certification.
Mastercard is also a member of The Green Grid. The Green Grid’s mission is to work globally to create tools, provide expertise, and advocate for resource efficiency in order to enable a low-carbon economy.
All our owned data centers use 100% renewable energy.
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 50 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 

HOME CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 1


RENEWABLE ENERGY. 
Mastercard has been 100 percent renewable since 2017, initially through the purchase of renewable-energy credits. In 2020, we joined RE100, refocusing our efforts to bring renewable energy onto the grid, using a four-pronged approach. The first and most effective effort is implementing direct renewable energy through on-site development, which can be done only at our owned facilities. This includes solar panels in our O’Fallon, Missouri; Kansas City, Missouri; and Purchase, New York, locations.
Our second approach involves long-term renewable-energy credit deals: We have 5- to 12-year agreements with our utility providers or third parties in the U.K., Australia and other locations. The third component is buying in-country renewableenergy credits at our global sites that are too small for long-term agreements. This helps “green the grid” by signaling a demand for renewable-energy credits and providing financing for renewable energy.
Our final approach, in countries without a renewable-energy credit market, is to purchase renewable-energy credits in neighboring countries that are connected to the same grid. Our goal is to reduce our number of unbundled renewable-energy credits and increase longer-term sources of renewable energy. We continue to investigate ways to bring renewable energy onto the grid wherever we do business.
2021 RENEWABLE LOAD BREAKDOWN 3,708 MWh. 
On-site renewable generation 4% 92,135 MWh. 
Unbundled renewable energy credits 89% 6,203 MWh. 
Direct renewable energy purchased 6% 732 MWh. 
Long-term renewable energy purchased 1%
Mastercard procured in-country renewable energy for the first time in Argentina and Japan, helping to green those countries’ grids.
102,778 MWh 100%o ffset. 
C H A P T E R 1 HOM E C H A P T E R 2 C H A P T E R 3 C H A P T E R 5 A P P E N D I X C H A P T E R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

51


SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT AND COLLABORATION. 
Mastercard’s ability to meet our net-zero targets depends heavily on cooperation from our suppliers, who are responsible for the vast majority of our Scope 3 GHG emissions: 250 suppliers represent more than 85 percent of our supply chain emissions, with just 50 suppliers constituting more than 60 percent. We have committed to active supplier engagement and development, especially among our small suppliers, to help with accountability, target-setting and regular reporting. To assist in this process, we developed a four-stage “environmental sustainability supplier engagement model” that has led to constructive engagement and collaboration. The model calls on us to invite suppliers to: ∙ D isclose their carbon footprint by completing the climate change questionnaire from CDP, a nonprofit disclosure system for managing environmental impacts ∙ L everage educational resources and assist them in advancing environmental programming ∙ E valuate and align on key performance indicators ∙ C ollaborate to find ways to reduce emissions together. 
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT MODEL. 
Disclose. 
Leverage. 
Evaluate and align. 
Collaborate. 
When we first announced our net-zero goal in January 2021, only 1 in 10 of our top GHG-emitting suppliers had their own net-zero targets. For the fourth consecutive year, we received an “A” rating from CDP in 2021 for supplier engagement. Supplier response to the CDP survey increased 9 percent year-overyear, and we won an innovation award from the Climate Leadership Conference for our supplier engagement approach.
To maintain momentum and continue executing against strategy, in 2021 we hired dedicated staff to collaborate with suppliers on emission-reduction opportunities.
For the fourth consecutive year, we received an “A” rating from CDP in 2021 for supplier engagement.
2021 SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT KPIs 85% of our global procurement spend were invited to report to CDP 67% responded 39% have net-zero goals 47% have approved Science Based Targets* 78% reported Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions* 46% reported Scope 3 emissions* 42% of supplier emissions were allocated to Mastercard* 22% identified opportunities to collaborate* *Percentage of those who responded. 
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
52


Mastercard was one of the 13 original large companies to sign on this year to the 1.5°C Supply Chain Leaders.
COLLABORATION PROGRAMS. 
To help our suppliers reach — or set baselines for — their own net-zero goals, we participated in several new programs this year. Mastercard joined the Salesforce Net Zero Cloud, as well as the Exponential Roadmap Initiative and related 1.5°C Supply Chain Leaders’ program. Our aim is to find ways to collaborate across each of our supply chain sectors, such as creating accounting methodologies for joint projects and mechanisms for tracking multiyear emission reductions. We also are investigating opportunities, such as logistics optimization, production sustainability and joint-renewable procurement, in our top three supply chain sectors. Additionally, we are deepening our understanding of supply chain activities through carbon accounting analyses within our built environment and those of other suppliers. By reducing our suppliers’ emissions through these programs, we also decarbonize Mastercard.
In early 2021, we launched a pilot with several Black-owned Mastercard suppliers to provide resources to help them calculate their greenhouse gas emissions in a scientific way. The suppliers in the program gained a deeper understanding of their current emissions and the opportunities to reduce those emissions over time. This initiative laid the groundwork for engaging smaller suppliers in emission reductions as we work to substantially decarbonize our supply chain.
Salesforce Net Zero Cloud Mastercard partnered with Salesforce and Accenture to launch the Salesforce Net Zero Cloud to better track and analyze our supply chain emissions. We integrated this tool into our decisionmaking process by identifying top-emitting sectors and suppliers that can potentially collaborate with us. We plan to expand our Net Zero Cloud usage to include datatracking and analysis capabilities across all our GHG sectors and suppliers.
SME Climate Hub Mastercard was one of the 13 original large companies to sign on this year to the 1.5°C Supply Chain Leaders, hosted by the Exponential Roadmap Initiative. CDP reporting, which can be an onerous process for large companies, is especially challenging for MSMEs. The SME Climate Hub enables small and midsize businesses to make internationally recognized climate commitments and provide data. This, plus one-stop access to resources, helps them take concrete steps to significantly reduce their emissions.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

53


EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT. 
Every Mastercard employee plays a critical role in our environmental sustainability commitments, so we engage all of them with activities, educational opportunities and other resources throughout the year. In 2021, we launched webinars on our forest restoration work with the Priceless Planet Coalition and an interactive video course to educate employees globally about our 2040 netzero goal. In it, we covered the basics of climate science, carbon accounting and Mastercard’s SBTs. The course demonstrates how we plan to meet our targets operationally and how individuals can take action through their own efforts.
Our virtual Earth Day 2021 celebration featured events related to the Priceless Planet Coalition and Mastercard’s other environmental sustainability commitments. Employees were encouraged to gift trees to colleagues for recognition. New challenges were posted daily containing tips for sustainable habits and practices, and an environmental impact quiz tested employees’ knowledge of environmentally friendly lifestyles. To encourage eco-friendly habits at home, employees were encouraged to submit a pledge via messages, pictures and videos sharing how they can make a difference. Multiple online scavenger hunts directed toward Mastercard’s sustainability goals were created to increase awareness and promote education.
Waste management Electronic waste is inevitable in the digital economy, but we ensured that 100 percent of our global e-waste was recycled in 2021 by using responsible partners certified in environmental standards and data destruction to safeguard our customers and the planet.
With a vaccinated workforce returning to the office globally, we retired most single-use items used for COVID-related health and safety. Encouraging the use of reusable cups, mugs and utensils — as well as eliminating individually wrapped items in cafeterias — greatly reduced our landfill contribution. At leased sites, we are exploring innovative products like compostable bioplastics made from crop waste, so we can continue providing safe, high-quality amenities for our employees in an environmentally conscious way.
Following up on our success in achieving 80 percent waste diversion for all owned sites in 2019, Mastercard raised the bar in 2020 to challenge ourselves to divert at least 85 percent of our material waste from landfills. We exceeded this goal in 2021 with 86.1 percent of waste diverted by recycling 705 tons, composting, donations and other forms of diversion.
86.1% of waste diverted, with 705 tons of recycling, compost, donations and other forms of diversion.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

54 54


5. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE. 
Mastercard’s ESG efforts are built upon our deep commitment to ethical operations and compliance with laws and regulations. This is reflected in how we live the values of decency, integrity and respect, and shapes every interaction with our employees, stakeholders and customers.
Soumyajit Mitra Manager, Product Management–Technical. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 55 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
APPENDIX APPENDIX


Ethics and compliance. 
Our approach to ethical operations starts with our Code of Conduct, which is offered in multiple languages and is certified annually by our employees and our Board of Directors.
We require that our CEO and other senior officers abide by a Supplemental Code of Ethics that reflects our heightened expectations for them to lead by example, particularly in avoiding conflicts of interest.
WORKING TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE. 
Our Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) leads and oversees our Ethics and Compliance system, which encompasses a broad set of integrated programs.
The CCO reports functionally to the independent Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and administratively to the Chief Administrative Officer. The CCO provides updates to the Audit Committee quarterly or more frequently, as needed. Reports cover performance matters such as the status of investigations, new initiatives, training programs and results of assurance activities.
Every Mastercard employee is enrolled annually in a mandatory, in-depth curriculum of online compliance training, which includes subjects such as the Code of Conduct, anti–money laundering, economic sanctions, privacy compliance, information security, prevention of insider trading, and workplace conduct, including sexual harassment and discrimination.
Mastercard employees also participate in the annual Risk Clarity survey, conducted by a third party and designed to take the pulse of our ethics and accountability culture globally. The survey assesses our culture of integrity by measuring the attributes that most strongly indicate reduced risk of misconduct. We use the results of this anonymous survey to drive improvements that reinforce our ethical culture.
Our senior leaders are active participants in organizations that promote ethics and compliance thought leadership, including the World Economic Forum’s Partnering Against Corruption Initiative, the B20 Integrity & Compliance Task Force, the Association of Certified Anti–Money Laundering Specialists, and the Centre for Financial Crime and Security Studies.
ETHICS HELPLINE AND NON-RETALIATION POLICY. 
Our Mastercard Ethics Helpline, hosted by an independent third party, is a confidential, around-the-clock service for reporting activity suspected of violating the law, our Code of Conduct or any other company policy. We promptly investigate all concerns through our relevant internal investigative functions, and we bring in external support, such as outside counsel, as needed. To increase transparency regarding our investigative process and associated outcomes, twice a year we provide our employees with a Summary of Investigative Activity that contains investigative metrics and selected anonymized case profiles.
To encourage the use of the Helpline and other avenues for raising ethical and legal concerns, we have a NonRetaliation Policy. Anyone found in breach of the Non-Retaliation Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
KNOW YOUR CUSTOMER. 
We have implemented innovative technology advancements aimed at preventing our products and services from being used for laundering money, financing terrorist operations or evading economic sanctions. Our policies and programs are designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including implementing risk-based antimoney-laundering policies, procedures and controls. These include Know Your Customer — or KYC — processes, which are applied to all customers before and during the business relationship. Our riskbased sanctions-compliance program includes policies, procedures and controls that are designed to prevent us from having business dealings with prohibited countries, regions, governments, individuals and other entities.
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 56


ANTICORRUPTION. 
Our policies and programs are also designed to comply with applicable anticorruption laws around the world, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act. As part of our comprehensive anticorruption compliance program, we study external enforcement actions and internal business operations, and use what we learn as input into our risk assessment. This further guides our procedures and the implementation of internal controls. We train all employees on our anticorruption and related policies, procedures and controls. We have also built a monitoring program that includes the latest testing technologies, such as artificial intelligence, to help spot and remediate noncompliance within our global operations to ensure that our controls are operating effectively.
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE. 
Mastercard is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations. We are subject to an increasingly rigorous landscape of regulatory oversight and compliance that is further affected by the diversification of our products and services.
Mastercard takes reasonable steps to implement policies, procedures and programs designed to promote compliance with applicable laws and regulatory obligations. We coordinate globally while acting locally, and leverage our expertise and relationships to manage the effects of regulation on Mastercard.
ANTITRUST AND COMPETITION LAW. 
Mastercard is committed to a fully competitive marketplace. Our policies and programs are designed to comply with antitrust and competition laws across the globe, and we work to ensure a level playing field globally. We encourage open and dynamic markets that drive innovation and value for our company and our customers. We attract and retain those customers by bringing to market innovative products and services that solve today’s problems and anticipate future needs.
Our Law & Policy teams provide updates annually — or more frequently if needed — to the independent Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee on the antitrust enforcement landscape and our compliance efforts.
Regular risk assessments and mitigation strategies enhance Mastercard’s antitrust and competition law compliance program. We continually monitor the external environment for learnings that may apply, adjusting our risk assessment and program accordingly. We emphasize the importance of this topic by training all employees, providing simple guidance documents, and ensuring that controls are in place. The Antitrust and Competition Law Policy is reviewed and updated annually. We regularly assess and monitor for competitive issues throughout the entire product life cycle, starting with early product development.
We take antitrust concerns very seriously. Although the company is a defendant in civil litigations, regulatory proceedings and investigations that may allege violations of competition and antitrust law, many of these allegations relate to historical periods. We work closely with regulators around the world to understand and address their concerns relating to competition, and to educate them on the value we bring to the payments space.
OUR GLOBAL TAX PRINCIPLES. 
At Mastercard, we recognize that paying tax is an important element of our commitment to ethical and responsible operations. Our approach to tax is guided by a set of key principles designed to foster trust between the company and its stakeholders and to ensure that Mastercard complies with all relevant tax laws, paying the appropriate amount of tax in each of the countries in which we operate. We have also implemented a robust tax control framework to ensure that these guiding principles are adhered to, and the organization engages only in transactions or tax planning that are aligned with our core principles. Our tax strategy applies to all wholly owned Mastercard entities and majorityowned Mastercard affiliates. For more information on our approach to tax, please refer to our global tax principles.
Our approach to tax is guided by a set of key principles designed to foster trust between the company and its stakeholders.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
57


Data responsibility, privacy and security. 
PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION. 
Our responsible data practices prioritize privacy as a key innovation enabler. In the digital world, each connection and interaction is another point of vulnerability, an opportunity for criminals, a potential fraud incident. At Mastercard, developing competitive products and services and taking steps to secure against cyberattacks go hand in hand with earning, protecting and cultivating the trust that’s been placed in us.
Mastercard’s Global Data Responsibility Imperative is our public commitment to maintaining ethical and responsible data practices.
Global Data Responsibility Imperative Mastercard’s Global Data Responsibility Imperative is our public commitment to maintaining ethical and responsible data practices that enable data innovation while honoring individuals, their data rights and the trust they place in Mastercard. We have defined those rights as four Mastercard beliefs that constitute our “Data Rights of Individuals.”
The six principles that constitute the Imperative are designed to support our work — and the work of like-minded organizations — in navigating the challenges and opportunities of the digital economy so that we are fueling economies and empowering people. These principles complement regulatory compliance and underscore our belief that responsible data practices are sustainable business practices.
CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 58 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
HOME CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 1


Security and Privacy. 
Transparency and Control. 
Accountability. 
Integrity. 
Innovation. 
Social Impact. 
DATA RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS 01. You own it. 
We believe your personal information is personal. Individuals own their personal information. As such, they have a right to understand how, when and where it is used and shared. How we handle personal information is clearly outlined in our Global Privacy Notice, which is complemented by product- and activity-specific notices.
02. You control it. 
We believe people have the right to understand and control how their data is handled. We strive to use personal information in legitimate, fair and inclusive ways, with full respect for a person’s individual choices. Anyone — at any time and at no cost — can opt out of having their personal information used for marketing, data analytics and other programs through our online system.
Beyond this, people have the right to access, correct, modify or move their personal information via our online My Data portal. This is made available for all users worldwide.
03. You benefit from the use of it. 
We believe that people’s personal information should be used to make their lives easier. We uphold a commitment to responsible data-driven innovation, both inside our organization and as a central player in the global digital ecosystem. For example, core to our data innovation approach is how we leverage artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities to make our network safer and our cardholders more secure. By developing and implementing our AI Governance framework, we’re able to ensure that our AI continues to be both beneficial and aligned with our broader data responsibility principles.
04. We protect it. 
We believe privacy must be embedded into the design of every one of our products and solutions. Our cutting-edge product innovation process is centered on the individual and ensures the respect and protection of their privacy and personal information from ideation to creation. The products and solutions we develop embrace the concept of privacy by design. As an example of privacy by design, our Mastercard Recovery Insights program leverages aggregated and anonymized data to create actionable insights in response to the pandemic. These insights help governments and businesses to navigate the shift to digital payments, minimize the business impact of the pandemic and plan for economic recovery, while fully protecting people’s privacy and personal information.
We believe that an individual’s data must be kept secure and used responsibly. We employ a set of rigorous standards to ensure the protection, safety and security of data within Mastercard, our partners and our vendors.
As a central member of the broader global digital ecosystem, Mastercard complies with all applicable regional and local regulations. These include General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the EU, Brazilian Data Protection Law (LGPD) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Beyond merely meeting GDPR standards, we have extended these high standards of consumer protection globally.
On an annual basis, all Mastercard employees and contingent workers are required to complete privacy and responsibility training. On a biannual basis, Mastercard’s security, privacy and information practices are reviewed by United States financial regulators to ensure ongoing compliance with the requirements associated with U.S. financial privacy laws. Mastercard is among a handful of companies that have both implemented binding corporate rules in Europe and achieved APEC CrossBorder Privacy Rules certifications.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 59


OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT. 
Mastercard’s commitment to decency extends to the way we handle data and informs our belief that data protection and privacy are fundamental human rights. This idea is central to our decision-making process and is demonstrated by the way we handle the personal information of our employees, customers and cardholders. Our dedication to data responsibility and privacy has established Mastercard as a trusted partner around the globe.
As the world continues to navigate through the economic and social impacts of the coronavirus pandemic, the pace of digital adoption will continue to accelerate. Consequently, the creation, collection, use and sharing of data will expand, yielding an increasingly complex environment and increasing the need to handle data responsibly and securely.
Our organization regularly works with policymakers, industry bodies and other key stakeholders around the world to enable businesses to operate globally and use data for responsible innovation while enacting strong privacy and data protections for individuals.
To keep, maintain and advance our standing as global leaders in the space, we are active participants in regulatory expert groups as well as data and privacy thought-leadership groups around the globe. These include the OECD’s privacy expert group and its Network of Experts on AI, the World Economic Forum Taskforce on Data Intermediaries, the EU Agency for Cybersecurity AI Expert Group, the UK International Data Transfers Expert Council, the Singapore Data Protection Advisory Committee, and the IEEE Steering Committee on AI Risk Impact Assessments.
Our work is guided by the Global Data Responsibility Imperative, which governs how we handle data in a manner that drives innovation while protecting individuals.
DATA PRIVACY AND SECURITY GOVERNANCE. 
The Board of Directors, including the Audit Committee, and senior management are updated annually, or more frequently as needed, by a core group of Mastercard’s senior executives who are responsible for driving our commitment to best practices in privacy, data governance and data security.
Chief Data Officer Oversees our efforts to maintain an ethical, responsible enterprise data program that adheres to our high standards for data quality, curation and governance.
Chief Privacy Officer Leads our compliance with worldwide laws and regulations regarding how we collect, use, share, store and transfer data, while also managing our relevant engagements with regulators and policymakers.
Data Protection Officer Reports to Chief Privacy Officer and ensures that we continue to adhere to the GDPR and local privacy requirements, including by handling privacy requests from individuals and regulators.
Chief Security Officer Develops and oversees the programs, policies and controls we have implemented across the organization to reduce and prevent logical and physical risks, including information security and cyber risks to our people, intellectual assets, data, and tangible property.
Chief Technology Risk Officer Establishes and oversees processes that support the holistic assessment and governance of technology risks, including information security, data security and cyber risks, across the organization, including risk analysis/tracking, control validation and stakeholder assurance.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 60


Safety and security. 
We’re now in a digital-first world. As our interactions go digital, criminals are following. Strong cybersecurity is foundational to trust in our global digital ecosystem and the products and solutions that power it. We take a principled approach to cybersecurity that guides how we secure both Mastercard and the broader global digital ecosystem.
CYBERSECURITY PRINCIPLES 01. Culture Cybersecurity should be embedded into the culture of the digital age as an enabler of innovation.
02. Collaboration Public and private entities should partner and share information and best practices to enhance the security of our broader digital ecosystem.
03. Transparency Cybersecurity elements should be easier to identify, understand and compare.
04. Empowerment All communities should have equitable access to cybersecurity resources.
05. Expertise Formal and informal academic programs should be supported to create the next generation of cyber experts while growing and evolving the field.
06. Convergence Cybersecurity standards and regulations should use common assessments grounded in widely used frameworks and standards to ensure even application across jurisdictions.
07. Privacy Individuals should own and control their personal information and understand how their information is protected.
Strong cybersecurity is foundational to trust in our global digital ecosystem and the products and solutions that power it.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
61


SECURING MASTERCARD. 
Our ability to secure trust in the global digital ecosystem starts with the work we do to secure our own organization. Everything we do as an organization — from our rigorous all-employee and contingentworker trainings and follow-the-sun security model to our best-in-class skill-building and analysis facilities and pursuit of top talent — deepens our ability to keep our organization, our people and our data secure.
Third-party certifications, audits and standards Our security program is regularly audited by both U.S. and international regulatory agencies and governing bodies. We also host frequent customer assessments and support penetration tests, both on-site and remotely. As a component of critical infrastructure, we ensure that our standards for security, compliance and preparation go above and beyond what is required.
The approach, methodology and resulting annual certifications satisfy multiple industry-recognized frameworks, including: ∙ T he U.S. National Institute of. 
Standards and Technology’s (NIST’s) Special Publication 800-115: “Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment” ∙ O pen Web Application Security. 
Project (OWASP) methodology ∙ P ayment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standard ∙ P enetration Testing Execution. 
Standard (PTES) ∙ I nternational Organization for. 
Standardization / International Electrotechnical Commission (ISO/IEC) 27001 ∙ I nternational Standard on. 
Assurance Engagements (ISAE) ∙ S ystem and Organization. 
Controls (SOC) 1. 
In addition to the internal assessments that test and validate our controls environment, we have added external evaluations of our security program by independent third parties to benchmark these programs against recognized global security standards, the results of which are shared with our Board of Directors. These include the Cyber Risk Institute Profile and Cyber Maturity Model Certification Framework.
We use all the products and solutions at our disposal to conduct regular, comprehensive analyses of our own security profiles and identify opportunities to enhance our security posture to continue to stay ahead of the rapid pace of change. This information is regularly reported to key senior stakeholders, including our Board of Directors. Elements of this analysis include: ∙ W eb-based assessments of our public-facing internet presence ∙ Brand-trust protection ∙ P rivacy policies and procedures ∙ V endor assessments, tools and risk analysis. 
Our security program is regularly audited by both U.S. and international regulatory agencies and governing bodies.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

62 62


Continuous “best practices” security approach Mastercard works to actively identify, respond to, and manage both cyber and physical threats while reducing our risk profile and enabling our business partners to operate in any physical locality.
∙ The Security Operations Center supports our follow-the-sun security model, enabling 24/7/365 security monitoring and support across the entire sector. The team is also involved in incident response to minimize and mitigate any threats to the Mastercard network.
∙ M astercard’s Fusion Center serves as the central global hub for our ability to anticipate, identify and mitigate fraud and both cyber and physical security threats. Modeled after law enforcement and government centers, this cross-functional group of 26 teams helps protect Mastercard and enhance the security of the global digital ecosystem. In partnership with both internal and external participants, we identify potential threats over the next decade and assess how to disrupt, mitigate and recover from them. Our European Cyber Resilience Centre (ECRC) in Belgium serves as a thought leader in cybersecurity and continues to expand our technical collaboration across the public and private sectors while combating cyber threats and bolstering resilience.
∙ The Mastercard Cyber Range provides dynamic environments for education, research and competitions with the goal of enhancing cybersecurity expertise both internally and externally and evaluating new technology solutions.
∙ Our Digital Forensics Lab is used to examine devices so we can understand the patterns and approaches of threat actors. We’re one of the few private organizations accredited by the American National Standards Institute National Accreditation Board. The Digital Forensics Lab continues to expand its capabilities and to respond to investigative needs more rapidly through remote collection.
∙ V ulnerability Management works across our lines of business to provide a comprehensive, integrated approach to improving our ability to define, detect and quickly and efficiently mitigate vulnerabilities within our environment.
∙ En terprise Resilience strives to create a global culture of preparedness through the development and deepening of key cross-organizational partnerships and a regular cadence of internal education, awareness, planning and practice to help reduce organizational risk.
∙ The Crisis Management Team focuses on providing role-specific training to responders while maturing critical relationships across the global response group — within their own functions, home regions and other response teams. In 2021, the team hosted 35 exercises for more than 1,000 employees across the globe. Participants included key senior stakeholders, steering committees and members of our Board of Directors.
Security education and awareness Mastercard’s award-winning security education and awareness program fosters a security-first mindset for employees. The organization-wide program, which is administered to all employees and contingent workers, helps keep people informed about the latest risks facing our organization, reinforces key behaviors to reduce risk, and offers regular opportunities to put these skills into practice.
∙ O ur all-employee phishing simulations help our people recognize the signs of a fraudulent email, understand the steps to flag items to our Security Operations Center, and continually hone their skills.
∙ W e deepen awareness of the current security landscape through regular threat briefs to all employees from our Fusion Center.
∙ W e host a monthlong Cybersecurity Awareness Month campaign, during which all employees are provided with multiple global opportunities to participate in live events, and are given the chance to dedicate meeting-free time to cybersecurity learning and to connect and learn from our security experts from across our various lines of business and geographies.
∙ W e have connected with 98 percent of our employees through this campaign.
∙ A ll employees and contingent workers must complete an annual training on key security behaviors to ensure that optimal security practices remain a priority.
Mastercard’s award-winning security education and awareness program fosters a security-first mindset for employees.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

 
63


SECURING OUR GLOBAL DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM. 
We offer integrated products and services to prevent, detect and respond to fraud and cyber-attacks and to ensure the safety of transactions made using Mastercard products.
Products/solutions: examples of key solutions We do this using a multilayered approach to safety and security strategy. Each layer is a portfolio of cutting-edge, highly competitive solutions designed to work together and provide additional security at every stage of a transaction.
Prevent: Solutions and services designed to build resilience and stop attacks on infrastructure, computers, networks, devices and data.
∙ W e’re protecting financial institutions with solutions like Safety Net, which helps stop real-time attacks that are visible on our network but aren’t easily seen by banks. Powered by AI, Safety Net screens hundreds of millions of transactions daily. By instantly isolating systemic threats and blocking fraudulent transactions, it limits the financial and reputational damage of large-scale fraud. Safety Net stopped more than $10 billion of fraud in 2021.
∙ This year we were the first network to announce the retirement of legacy magnetic stripe technology. This important step forward for the industry will make our network one of the most secure, as we accelerate the adoption of more-secure chip technology.
∙ At the same time, we’re getting ahead of new technologies like Quantum Computing, which could challenge security. We released quantum-resistant issuance and acceptance specifications that leverage next-generation algorithms and key cryptographic strengths that are 3 million times harder to break.
Identify: Solutions that focus on helping consumers prove they are who they say they are.
∙ Our intelligent engine powered by a global dataset of 2 billion identities and more than 5 billion digital interactions helps to support consumer identity verification.
∙ Our advanced technology assesses behavioral user data, such as how you hold your phone or how fast you type or swipe. It acts in real time to help identify devices, detect when they are compromised and prevent fraud. We’ve built a deep reservoir of behavior patterns based on the 1.7 billion risk assessments and more than 350 million devices we process each month.
∙ Account identity leverages technology like Mastercard Identity Check to help protect e-commerce consumers. This service enhances the approval rate of transactions by 12% when compared to those that do not use our service.
∙ O ur Digital Identity solution helps consumers prove their identity easily and securely while maintaining control of what parts of their personal data are shared. This year we’ve been launching new use cases and breaking into new markets.
Detect: Solutions designed to detect vulnerabilities and block fraudulent behavior.
∙ O ur pioneering scanning and evaluation technologies assess the cyber risks faced by digital merchants or any digital entity in any segment. This strategic capability helps us monitor the cyber health of the global digital ecosystem. As one of the world’s largest cyber assessment providers, we now cover more than 13 million entities.
∙ W e’ve continued to focus on making our “detect” solutions available to the MSME sector, providing much-needed support to an incredibly critical yet vulnerable segment. The Mastercard Trust Center provides easy-to-access educational resources for MSME employers and employees to help them protect their businesses.
Experience: Security solutions that enable a superior experience for consumers.
∙ Co ntactless transactions now represent 50% of all in-person transactions on our network. Our new Enhanced Contactless specifications further enhance the convenience, security and privacy of contactless transactions.
∙ W e continue to replace the password with the person, leveraging our cutting-edge biometric capabilities to authenticate users as they go about their day-to-day activities, enabling them to wave and pay or pick up what they want in-store and simply walk out.
∙ W e help fight digital fraud and reduce chargebacks with an alerts service for issuers and merchants. We also help consumers bank and shop with confidence by making it easier for them to recognize their purchase history with a first-of-its-kind digital receipt solution.
Network: Connecting the ecosystem and enabling services.
∙ Mastercard continues to operate as one of the most trusted and secure networks globally, leading with differentiated services such as Decision Intelligence and our tokenization capabilities, which are helping to secure our customers’ transactions on a real-time basis.
∙ Our network capability has also helped us partner with governments around the globe who are looking for ways to strengthen and protect their cyber ecosystems. As part of this effort, our Cyber Forward program combines Mastercard’s capabilities in cybersecurity with those of leading public-sector organizations to create secure digital ecosystems at a national, local and city level.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 64


COLLABORATION. 
We can accomplish a lot as individual organizations, but we can all do much more as part of a community. Our commitment to collaboration comes to life through our focus on information and best-practice sharing internally across business lines and externally across industries, sectors and governments.
∙ We work to foster deep industry and public–private partnerships that help us advance and ultimately support the establishment of globally accepted cybersecurity policies, standards and best practices.
∙ Internationally, we work in close partnership with key government partners (e.g., G7, D10, G20, DIFC). Within the United States, we have a leadership role on the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council (FSSCC) and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’s (CISA’s) Cybersecurity Advisory Committee. We also partner closely with policymakers in the U.S. Congress and in the White House administration, often through the Department of the Treasury and the Department of Homeland Security.
∙ Both domestically and internationally, we collaborate closely with law enforcement agencies (e.g., Europol, INTERPOL and the U.S. Secret Service) in support of their investigative, prevention and intelligence-sharing efforts.
∙ We support the sharing of intelligence and best practices across the public and private sectors to drive detection, response and interoperability of cyber-defense practices. We’re active members of the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC) and host and participate in sector-specific and multi-sector cyber-defense exercises.
∙ We further shape cybersecurity policy and drive better cross-border connectivity and data-flow solutions through our many industry trade associations and coalitions, such as the Information Technology Industry Council, Better Identity Coalition, CyberPeace Institute, Business Roundtable, U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Global Data Alliance.
SMALL BUSINESS. 
As we bring more people, more businesses and more interactions into the digital ecosystem, collaboration by the wider community is critical to keeping them secure. This is particularly important for small businesses. They often lack the resources to understand and mitigate the extent to which they’re at risk of cybercrime.
∙ W e work to make cybersecurity accessible and understandable to small businesses through our partnerships with the Global Cyber Alliance, the Cyber Readiness Institute and the National Cyber Security Alliance. Collectively, we provide small businesses around the world with free cybersecurity resources to help them take immediate action to reduce their cyber risk and strengthen their defenses.
∙ Our Digital Acceleration (Digital. 
Doors) program gives small-business owners around the world access to the resources they need to set up shop online, grow and manage their business, accept digital payments, and manage their online presence.
∙ To address the transition to digital,
Mastercard — through the Center for Inclusive Growth — introduced Strive, a global initiative focused on strengthening the financial resilience of small businesses and supporting their growth. With an initial philanthropic investment of $25 million from the Mastercard Impact Fund, Strive will help 5 million MSMEs businesses across Europe, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East and Asia to access the tools and resources they need to digitize.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
65


FRANCHISE. 
Mastercard’s Franchise — and the value exchanges it enables — is the foundation upon which a collaborative and secure payments ecosystem is built. Helping consumers and businesses access their financial assets and engage in commerce is central to our commitment.
The Franchise works to ensure a balanced ecosystem where all participants may benefit by maintaining the ability to differentiate themselves from their competition. This is achieved via key activities throughout the business life cycle: 01. Participant onboarding Determining that each participant meets the necessary prerequisites to partake in and contribute to the network through the defining of clear ecosystem roles and responsibilities.
02. Operating standards Defining the technical, operational and financial standards that all network participants are required to uphold. Achieving efficiency, quality output and a high level of performance through the identification of changing and emerging roles within the ecosystem to reduce confusion while supporting compliance with evolving industry regulations.
03. Safety and security Establishing central principles that are essential to effective network participants. Safeguarding consumer protections and integrity to ensure confidence in any and all transactions on the network.
04. Responsible stewardship Setting performance standards to support ecosystem optimization and growth to improve quality over time. Using proactive monitoring to ensure participant adherence to operating standards and to protect the integrity of the ecosystem.
05. Issue resolution Addressing disputes (financial or nonfinancial) in a timely and orderly fashion that benefits the entire global network of participants.
We have a deep respect for the rights of individuals to transact with others, so long as such transactions are lawful. We hold all our Franchise participants to high standards. That starts with following the laws of any geographic area in which they operate and connect to our network. If we identify or are alerted to potential violations, we quickly investigate and take appropriate remedial action with the acquiring and issuing banks.
∙ Extended a registration program to ensure that merchants’ banks certify that the sellers of adult content have effective controls to monitor, block and remove all illegal content.
∙ Continued to engage with lawmakers, law enforcement and other groups to understand the broader environment in which we operate, including any developments in definition of lawful purchases.
We have a deep respect for the rights of individuals to transact with others, so long as such transactions are lawful.
Mastercard does levy financial penalties and has suspended or terminated the licenses of customers based on specific incidents. Generally, our goal is to work with acquirers and issuers to improve compliance with our rules. This process includes sharing guidance on how to strengthen their controls.
We build on that foundation, constantly innovating, forging cross-industry relationships and defining new standards. Our work with and membership in industry groups is key to allowing us to learn from others’ experiences and share our own best practices. These relationships span a wide range of organizations and geographies, including the Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children (ICMEC), National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition (IACC), the Center for Safe Internet Pharmacies (CSIP), and Sandy Hook Promise.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 
66


Human rights. 
Mastercard’s Board-approved Human Rights Statement identifies and prioritizes the human rights most correlated with our business. We expect our employees and partners of all kinds, including suppliers, customers and peer organizations, to share our commitment to respecting and promoting human rights. This commitment includes seeking to address human rights violations within the spheres of our work, while also harnessing the power of our network to promote global human rights.
FOUNDATIONAL PRINCIPLES. 
Culture of decency Mastercard brings basic human decency to everything we do — from how we empower the digital economy to how we act on an individual-to-individual basis. This belief in the need for decency underpins our commitment to human rights. Decency and mutual respect foster relationships that drive innovation, setting the stage for openminded and thoughtful collaboration with others. Decency also ensures we achieve the best outcomes by challenging perspectives, not other people, in a respectful and direct manner.
Connecting people to opportunity Mastercard ensures that people and organizations have access to our networks, tools and solutions both as part of our business strategy and out of a sense of social responsibility. It’s why we foster inclusive growth, work toward financial inclusion, partner with other organizations and work to support more socially, commercially and environmentally sustainable solutions across all our work.
Mastercard brings basic human decency to everything we do.... This belief in the need for decency underpins our commitment to human rights.
Stakeholder engagement Mastercard develops relevant and sustainable solutions. We do so by listening to the views of our diverse stakeholders and making connections. We rely on both internal and external stakeholders to help identify the human rights issues that are most salient to our business and that help us achieve the biggest impacts.
Promoting good governance and respect for individual choice Our long-standing commitments to ethics, compliance, transparent financial reporting and strong internal controls are crucial to the organization’s success. We uphold the highest standards of ethics and responsibility and strictly adhere to the rule of law. We refuse to accept our customers’ use of our services for illegal activity. This respect for the law creates a reliable standard for enforcement and maintains a balance between protecting people's human rights and protecting their rights from government infringement.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

67


KEY AREAS OF IMPACT. 
Our approach to data We mitigate risks to people's privacy, security and human rights with regular impact assessments of our practices, because the individual is at the heart of Mastercard’s commitment to data privacy and protection.
Our people Mastercard is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace, free from discrimination, harassment and retaliation by employees, as well as suppliers, contingent workers and business partners. All Mastercard employees and suppliers receive training on these policies and our expectations for a culture of decency and respect.
Our supply chain Our suppliers are contractually bound by standards of ethical conduct when dealing with their workers, their own suppliers, customers and other third parties. They also are contractually required to meet or exceed our high standards for privacy and security. We conduct periodic reviews of our systems and theirs to ensure compliance.
Our network We partner with others to prevent our products, services and technologies from being used in furtherance of human rights abuses, including money laundering, terrorist financing and evasion of sanctions. We also work with others to monitor, detect and prevent illegal transactions, including abuse of intellectual property rights, child exploitation, illegal internet gambling and illicit pharmaceutical sales.
Mastercard is committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace, free from discrimination, harassment and retaliation.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

68 68


Mastercard promotes a culture of decency, where all employees can bring their best selves — their truest selves — to work. This culture of decency is built on a recognition of the fundamental human dignity of all members of the Mastercard community. To support and advance this mission, the Mastercard public policy team has committed to devoting 10 percent of our advocacy to issues related to human dignity.
Police Reform We set forth our national partnership with the Active Bystander for Law Enforcement (ABLE) Project at Georgetown Law Center to further our commitment to efforts that foster trust between police and communities. We also participated in the Business Roundtable Racial Equity and Justice Special Committee, where policy recommendations were drafted and set forth for government and corporate actions. Many of the recommendations and actions have been incorporated into the work of our In Solidarity commitments.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is core to our work, programming and priorities. To move this work forward, we partner with entities including (but not limited to) the National Bankers Association, U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, U.S. Black Chamber of Commerce, National Urban League, National Action Network, Equality Caucus, World of Money, Los Angeles Unified School District, and New York City Public School System.
Additionally, in April 2021 Mastercard joined with major employers and national organizations to launch the Second Chance Business Coalition (SCBC) to expand hiring and advancement practices within their companies for individuals with criminal records. Mastercard has been a part of these efforts in a number of ways, including through Justice Through Code and Friends and Family of the Wrongfully Convicted. Our engagement with both organizations is highlighted below: ∙ Justice Through Code (JTC), sponsored by the Columbia University Center for Justice, works to address the crisis of mass incarceration by offering life-changing access to career-track opportunities in the technology field. On November 15th, we kicked off a three-month mentorship program. Mentors supported participants in further developing the technical skill sets they had learned in the JTC program, as well as in gaining awareness of other topics in the field as well as ones that are relevant to area of expertise.
∙ Friends and Family of the Wrongfully. 
Convicted (FFWC) is an advocacy organization designed to raise public awareness about the incidence of wrongful convictions and the plight of families of those who are currently incarcerated, and to provide reentry support for men and women who have been paroled and for those exonerated. We partnered with FFWC to provide the Master Your Card financial literacy workshop.
The Mastercard public policy team has committed to devoting 10% of our advocacy to issues related to human dignity.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 

69


Responsible sourcing and supplier diversity. 
Mastercard is committed to sourcing responsibly and using a diverse set of suppliers. Our Supplier Code of Conduct details our expectations and requirements regarding child labor; freedom of association; compensation, working hours and conditions; discrimination; health and safety; environmental sustainability; and more. Our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement outlines the steps Mastercard takes to ensure that our business and supply chains are free from slavery, and our Human Rights Statement provides guidelines for respecting human rights.
Mastercard has incorporated diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our global supply chain. We are building strong, ongoing relationships with small and/or diverse businesses (such as those owned by women of color, veterans, LGBT people and those with disabilities) through our supplier diversity initiatives. We are on track to increase our spend with Black suppliers by more than 70 percent, to achieve $100 million annually by 2025 in line with our In Solidarity commitments.
We also encourage our prime, direct suppliers, also known as Tier 1, to establish their own diverse supply chains. We require participating Tier 1 suppliers to report information and data on their use of small and diverse suppliers, which are considered Tier 2. Our Tier 1 and Tier 2 spending with diverse suppliers was 18 percent of our total U.S.-based spending in 2021.
Our Responsible Sourcing and Sustainability teams also partner with Mastercard’s top suppliers to support the company’s 2040 Net-Zero initiative.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 70


“ The people who are most vulnerable to economic insecurity are also those most susceptible to the negative effects of climate change and global instability. It's why we drive positive change through the intersection of inclusive economic growth and climate action. This report reflects our approach to developing products, programs and partnerships that support a sustainable and inclusive digital economy where both people and planet can thrive.”
Shamina Singh Executive Vice President, Sustainability, and President, Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 71 71


Page 3. 
Statement of independence, impartiality and competence. 
Apex is an independent professional services company that specializes in Health, Safety, Social and Environmental management services including assurance with over 30 years history in providing these services.
No member of the verification team has a business relationship with MasterCard, its Directors or Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We conducted this verification independently and to our knowledge there has been no conflict of interest.
Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among staff in their day-to-day business activities.
The verification team has extensive experience in conducting assurance over environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, has over 20 years combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex’s standard methodology for the verification of greenhouse gas emissions data.
Attestation:
David Reilly, Lead Verifier Trevor Donaghu, Technical Reviewer Principal Consultant Program Manager Apex Companies, LLC. Apex Companies, LLC. Santa Ana, California Pleasant Hill, California. 
March 24, 2022. 
This verification opinion declaration, including the opinion expressed herein, is provided to MasterCard and is solely for the benefit of MasterCard in accordance with the terms of our agreement. We consent to the release of this statement by you to CDP in order to satisfy the terms of CDP disclosure requirements but without accepting or assuming any responsibility or liability on our part to CDP or to any other party who may have access to this statement.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 72 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 


ASSU R ANCE LET TE RS. 
ASSURANCE LETTERS. 
VERIFICATION OPINION DECLARATION GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS. 
To: The Stakeholders of MasterCard. 
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) was engaged to conduct an independent verification of the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reported by MasterCard for the period stated below. This verification opinion declaration applies to the related information included within the scope of work described below.
The determination of the GHG emissions is the sole responsibility of MasterCard. MasterCard is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the GHG statement in accordance with the criteria. Apex’s sole responsibility was to provide independent verification on the accuracy of the GHG emissions reported, and on the underlying systems and processes used to collect, analyze, and review the information. Apex is responsible for expressing an opinion on the GHG statement based on the verification. Verification activities applied in a limited level of assurance verification are less extensive in nature, timing, and extent than in a reasonable level of assurance verification.
Boundaries of the reporting company GHG emissions covered by the verification: • Operational Control • Global. 
Types of GHGs: CO2, N2O, CH4. 
GHG Emissions Statement: • Scope 1: 5,164 metric tons of CO2 equivalent • Scope 2 (Location-Based): 48,974 metric tons of CO2 equivalent • Scope 2 (Market-Based): 229 metric tons of CO2 equivalent • Scope 3:
Purchased Goods & Services, Capital Goods, and Upstream Transportation and Distribution (combined): 452,911 metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities: 8,818 metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
Waste Generated in Operations: 415 metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
Business Travel (air and rail travel): 3,849 metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
Employee Commuting: 28,571 metric tons of CO2 equivalent. 
Data and information supporting the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions assertion were in most cases historical in nature and in some cases were estimated.
Data and information supporting the Scope 3 GHG emissions statement were in some cases estimated rather than historical in nature.
Period covered by GHG emissions verification: • January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 
Page 2. 
Criteria against which verification was conducted: • World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 1 and 2) • WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3)
Reference Standard: • ISO 14064-3 Second Edition: 2019-04: - Greenhouse gases -- Part 3: Specification with guidance for the verification and validation of greenhouse gas statements. 
Level of Assurance and Qualifications: • Limited • This verification used a materiality threshold of ±5% for aggregate errors in sampled data for each of the above indicators. 
GHG Verification Methodology:
Evidence-gathering procedures included, but were not limited to: • Interviews with relevant personnel of MasterCard and their consultant; • Review of documentary evidence produced by MasterCard and their consultant; • Review of MasterCard data and information systems and methodology for collection, aggregation, analysis and review of information used to determine GHG emissions; and • Audit of samples of data used by MasterCard to determine GHG emissions.
Verification Opinion:
Based on the process and procedures conducted, there is no evidence that the GHG emissions statement shown above: • is not materially correct and is not a fair representation of the GHG emissions data and information; and • has not been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 1 and 2), and WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3).
It is our opinion that MasterCard has established appropriate systems for the collection, aggregation and analysis of quantitative data for determination of these GHG emissions for the stated period and boundaries.


OUR STAKEHOLDERS. 
STAKEHOLDER GROUP STAKEHOLDER EXPECTATIONS ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS OUR APPROACH TO ENGAGEMENT. 
Employees ∙ Updates on company and new policies ∙ Understanding of compensation and benefits (Total Rewards) ∙ Access to professional development ∙ Clarity on promotion guidelines, eligibility ∙ Connection to a broader purpose and work ∙ Town halls (quarterly) ∙ Digital and face-to-face communication ∙ Intranet communications (daily) ∙ Employee surveys ∙ Email correspondence ∙
∙ ∙
∙
Stockholders ∙ Updates on strategy and performance ∙ Address questions ∙ Access to management and board ∙ 1:1 meetings / video and telephone conferences ∙ Investor meetings and conferences (quarterly) ∙ Results briefings (quarterly) ∙ MA website ∙ Annual reports ∙ Stockholder meetings (annually) ∙
∙ ∙
Financial institutions, merchants and consumers ∙ Trust, predictability and accountability in MA ecosystems ∙ Help drive financial inclusion and support social programs ∙ Offer Sustainability products as value-added services ∙ Thought leadership on financial inclusion ∙ Convener of public/private sector partners ∙ Commercially sustainable financial inclusion solutions ∙ Help reduce financial crime and corruption ∙ T ransparency and authenticity in MA’s own actions to “decarbonize” and reach its net-zero commitment by 2040 ∙ C ontinued development of differentiated environmentally focused products and services to meet increasing consumer demand to act ∙ Enabler of collective action against climate change ∙ Global Inclusive Growth Summit host. 
Panel and speaker participation. 
Internal and external engagement. 
P articipation in sustainability public–private convenings, forums and coalitions (e.g., World Bank and regional bank events, World Economic Forum, Bloomberg)
M astercard Experience Centers, Innovation Labs (including Sustainability Innovation Lab) ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
Suppliers ∙ Understanding of business relationship, expectations and requirements ∙ Clarity on ESG-related requirements (survey requests, supply chain info) ∙ Address questions ∙ Opportunities for growth ∙ Promote ethics standards communicated in MA Supplier Code of. 
Conduct within supply chain ∙ RFP process / contract renewals. 
Summits on specific topics. 
Webinars 1:1 meetings/video and telephone conferences ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
∙ ∙
Regular communications to inform latest updates. 
A nnual performance appraisals to recognize contribution and improvement opportunities. 
Gain regular and direct feedback from employees. 
O ffer 5 days of leave for corporate volunteerism and employee match grants based on giving and volunteerism. 
Management / directors interaction throughout the year. 
MA Corporate Access days. 
Calendar of roadshows/investor days. 

 

Franchise rules. 
Privacy responsibility imperative / privacy by design. 
C ybersecurity products as value-added services and as embedded solutions. 
T echnology products and programs for economic development purposes (H&D microcommerce and agriculture solutions), for human dignity (True card), sustainability (Carbon Calculator, Sustainable Card program, Priceless Planet), and for greater inclusion and participation in digital economy (e.g., donations platform and products, digital doors, digitizing payroll in labor-intensive industries, start path)
Leverage core products (prepaid, debit, digital) when designing commercially sustainable solutions. 
Human-centered design. 
Co-solution design with partners. 

 
Support supplies to source responsibly and conduct business with integrity. 
Communication to address requests, requirements. 
Provide supplier-specific education. 
Embed ESG objectives in sourcing process. 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 73 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
OU R STAKE HOLDE RS


OUR STAKEHOLDERS. 
STAKEHOLDER GROUP STAKEHOLDER EXPECTATIONS ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS OUR APPROACH TO ENGAGEMENT. 
Community and nongovernmental organizations ∙ Effective corporate citizenry: Doing Well by Doing Good ∙ Use of company resources philanthropically or in affordable, accessible, available, and accountable ways to further social impact (disaster relief, social programs, inclusive growth) ∙ Convening quarterly listening sessions with stakeholders in NGO community (e.g., Strive) ∙ Convening global and regional conferences of social impact stakeholders (e.g.,Global Inclusive Growth Summit) ∙ Participating in social impact–themed conferences hosted by others (e.g., United Nations, Aspen, SXSW, WEF, Bloomberg, Clinton Global Initiative) ∙ Partnering with research institutions and universities to inform the theory of change and the evidence base for social impact and thought leadership ∙ Conducting monitoring and evaluation of impact ∙ Public commitments related to financial inclusion / inclusive growth, small businesses, traditionally excluded communities (In Solidarity), pandemic, girls in STEM, and other social impact issues ∙ Leverage various resources enterprisewide for social impact activities ∙ Technology products and programs for humanitarian and development purposes (e.g., refugees) and for greater inclusion and participation in digital economy ∙ Data science for social impact activities ∙ Mastercard Impact Corps and other talent/corporate volunteerism, ∙ Mastercard Donations Platform, Priceless Planet, and other network giving programs and products ∙ Financial philanthropy by Center for Inclusive Growth and Mastercard Impact Corps ∙ Educational philanthropy (e.g., Girls4Tech, Mastercard Academy, Strive Community) ∙ Measure and report on perceived needs and impact of engagement actions ∙ Employee programs and matches for NGO volunteerism (e.g., Boards4Impact, employee matches for giving, volunteerism grants)
Government and regulators International institutions ∙ Ongoing compliance with regulations and laws ∙ Help contribute to financial inclusion and support social programs of relevance to governments ∙ Help reduce crime and corruption ∙ Build payments ecosystems with last-mile connectivity ∙ Submission of regulatory documents, disclosures and filings ∙ Participation in governmental, public–private and multilateral sustainability forums and coalitions (United Nations meetings, mayors’ convenings, Partnership for Central America, COP26) ∙ Hosting conferences, webinars and demonstration/pilot opportunities and technology ∙ Partnerships with government agencies and development banks to advance social impact (USAID, U.S. International Development Finance Corp., Global Cities/City Possible) ∙ Provide data-driven insights (e.g., Inclusive Growth Scorecard, datathons) ∙ Advocate public policy ∙ Coordination with local agencies ∙ City Possible/Global Cities engagements ∙ Technology products and programs for humanitarian and development purposes (e.g., health, education) and for greater inclusion and participation in digital economy (digital ID, agriculture, government disbursements) ∙ Partner and coinvest with development agencies in growing capabilities and reach of Mastercard partners in emerging markets. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 74 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
OU R STAKE HOLDE RS


Sustainable development goals. 
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) outline a pathway toward a more inclusive and sustainable future by addressing the most pressing global challenges. The realization of SDGs will require commitment, collaboration and collective action aligned across the public sector, the private sector, and civil society.
At Mastercard, we concentrate our efforts on those SDGs where we can ensure demonstrable impact. We focus on the intersection of people, prosperity and the planet, leveraging the nature and scale of our business, alongside our people, customers and partners, to influence real change on a global scale. In doing so, we are working to power economies by empowering people and building a sustainable economy where everyone can prosper.
Our work prioritizes the SDGs described on the following pages.
We are working to power economies by empowering people and building a sustainable economy where everyone can prosper.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 75 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 


SUSTAI NAB LE DEVE LOPM E NT GOALS


SDG SDG SUB-GOALS WE FOCUS ON OUR COMMITMENTS AND PROGRESS. 
End poverty in all its forms everywhere 1.2 By 2030, reduce at least by half the proportion of men, women and children of all ages living in poverty in all its dimensions, according to national definitions 1.3 Implement nationally appropriate social protection systems and measures for all, including floors, and by 2030, achieve substantial coverage of the poor and the vulnerable 1.4 By 2030, ensure that all men and women, in particular the poor and the vulnerable, have equal rights to economic resources, as well as access to basic services, ownership and control over land and other forms of property, inheritance, natural resources, appropriate new technology, and financial services, including microfinance 1.5 By 2030, build the resilience of the poor and those in vulnerable situations and reduce their exposure and vulnerability to climate-related extreme events and other economic, social and environmental shocks and disasters. 
Mastercard is building a more inclusive and sustainable digital economy, helping secure access to critical financial services that help create a path to prosperity. Globally, we committed to bringing 1 billion people and 50 million MSMEs into the digital economy by 2025. As part of this effort, we committed to providing 25 million woman-owned businesses with solutions to help them grow. We’re continuing to drive digital innovation and to support the financial needs of small businesses and individuals by scaling existing initiatives and launching new ones. At the close of 2021, our initiatives, such as the City Possible platform and Digital Doors program, have helped bring more than 675 million people into the digital economy since 2015 and have added 25 million MSMEs since 2020.
W e serve our customers and deliver value in a way that addresses the needs of those who are excluded and expands the middle class globally. We also use data science for social impact, to help nonprofits and governments address some of the world’s most pressing problems. Programs including the U.S. Treasury’s Direct Express® and our own City Key gave more people the ability to make and receive electronic payments in 2021 through prepaid Mastercard cards. These two programs alone included more than 8 million people, with City Key adding 55 initiatives totaling $1.5 billion in 2021. In partnership with data.org and the Rockefeller Foundation, the Center announced the eight awardees of the $10 million Inclusive Growth and Recovery Challenge. Winning projects from around the world include the use of AI to increase credit access for woman entrepreneurs; data models to track how internet connectivity disproportionately impacts low-income communities in Chicago; and an open-source quality-of-life map index to highlight where investment is needed most.
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls 5.1 End all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere 5.5 Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life 5.a Undertake reforms to give women equal rights to economic resources, as well as access to ownership and control over land and other forms of property, financial services, inheritance and natural resources, in accordance with national laws 5.b Enhance the use of enabling technology, in particular information and communications technology, to promote the empowerment of women 5.c Adopt and strengthen sound policies and enforceable legislation for the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of all women and girls at all levels. 
From achieving pay equity in 2019 to supporting female smallbusiness owners and startups, Mastercard is committed to gender balance both inside and outside of Mastercard. Since 2019, women at Mastercard have earned $1 for every $1 men earn, and in 2021 we formally linked executive compensation to global gender pay equity and made progress in closing the gender pay gap. As of September 30, 2021, the c urrent gender median pay gap o f 7 percent is predominantly due to the fact that we have more men in senior roles, not because men are paid more. Additionally, we progressed our internal commitment to building the next generation of woman leaders through a number of initiatives: ∙ R elaunch Your Career gives mid-career professionals a chance to re-enter the workplace.
∙ Women Who Lead accelerates women’s leadership development.
∙ Boards for Impact provides woman leaders with practice for progression into senior roles.
∙ Women’s mentoring series supports women at all levels.
Since 2020 we have helped 18 m illion woman-owned or -led small businesses to digitalize, pushing us t o 73 percent o f our goal of providing 25 million woman-owned businesses with solutions to help them grow.
We’re committed to financial inclusion because when women work, economies grow though initiatives such as: ∙ Path to Priceless gives entrepreneurs learning modules, mentors and other resources to succeed.
∙ Start Path programming helps underrepresented new fintech startups scale.
∙ Mastercard Index of Women Entrepreneurs offers insights into the enablers and constraints of women’s progress as business owners.
∙ Strivers Initiative, a multifaceted platform, supports Black woman-owned businesses.
∙ CARE Ignite provides women in Peru, Pakistan and Vietnam with access to finance, technology and networks, and builds entrepreneurship capacity and skills.
∙ Girls4Tech program inspires young girls to build STEM skills to become the leaders of tomorrow.
Continued on the next page.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS. 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 76 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 

SUSTAI NAB LE DEVE LOPM E NT GOALS


SUSTAI NAB LE DEVE LOPM E NT GOALS. 
SDG SDG SUB-GOALS WE FOCUS ON OUR COMMITMENTS AND PROGRESS. 
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls 5.1 5.5 5.a 5.b 5.c. 
End all forms of discrimination against all women and girls everywhere. 
Ensure women’s full and effective participation and equal opportunities for leadership at all levels of decision-making in political, economic and public life. 
Undertake reforms to give women equal rights to economic resources, as well as access to ownership and control over land and other forms of property, financial services, inheritance and natural resources, in accordance with national laws. 
Enhance the use of enabling technology, in particular information and communications technology, to promote the empowerment of women. 
Adopt and strengthen sound policies and enforceable legislation for the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of all women and girls at all levels. 
Continued from the previous page.
Our additional external efforts include partnering with organizations such as: ∙ The 30% Club, to drive more women onto corporate boards and management committees ∙ The Financial Alliance for Women, to work with customers ∙ Gavi, to match consumer donations ∙ HDFC Bank, DFC, and USAID, which launched a $100 million credit facility to promote and encourage small businesses in India to digitize, while also helping Indian businesses, particularly those that are woman-owned, to recover from the economic impacts of the pandemic ∙ The Unstereotype Alliance at the United Nations, to bring diverse perspectives to the table. 
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.5 8.8 8.10. 
Sustain per capita economic growth in accordance with national circumstances and, in particular, at least 7 percent gross domestic product growth per annum in the least-developed countries. 
Achieve higher levels of economic productivity through diversification, technological upgrading, and innovation, including through a focus on high-value-added and labour-intensive sectors. 
Promote development-oriented policies that support productive activities, decent job creation, entrepreneurship, creativity, and innovation, and encourage the formalization and growth of micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises, including through access to financial services. 
By 2030, achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities, and equal pay for work of equal value. 
Protect labour rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, including migrant workers, in particular women migrants, and those in precarious employment. 
Strengthen the capacity of domestic financial institutions to encourage and expand access to banking, insurance and financial services for all. 
We have achieved pay equity for women and people of color4 ∙ Women at Mastercard earn $1 for every $1 men earn.
∙ In the U.S., Mastercard employees of color earn $1 for every $1 white employees earn.
We also have a number of programs to support women at all levels across the business, such as Relaunch Your Career, Women Who Lead and our women’s mentoring series.
In 2021, we launched a neurodiversity pilot program in partnership with the nonprofit Neurodiversity in the Workplace (NITW). We recruited neurodivergent candidates for full-time job opportunities in the Operations and Technology function based in the St. Louis office. We also partnered with our ADAPT BRG to launch a Sandbox Express Challenge for employees to help identify ways to enhance the accessibility of the Mastercard Connect platform, which our customers use to engage with us each day.
Mastercard's solutions help unlock potential and keep MSMEs moving forward, such as: ∙ Strive, a global initiative to accelerate economic recovery for small businesses, including Strive Community, a program that will initially focus on enabling 5 million MSMEs around the world to access the tools and resources they need to digitalize.
∙ Our commitment in Indonesia to empower people with indemand skills for the digital economy through Mastercard Academy 2.0, reaching more than 96,000 students, entrepreneurs and professionals by the end of 2021.
4 Numbers as of September 30, 2021. 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS. 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 77 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 


SUSTAI NAB LE DEVE LOPM E NT GOALS. 
SDG SDG SUB-GOALS WE FOCUS ON OUR COMMITMENTS AND PROGRESS. 
Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.a. 
Develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure, including regional and trans-border infrastructure, to support economic development and human well-being, with a focus on affordable and equitable access for all. 
Promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and, by 2030, significantly raise industry’s share of employment and gross domestic product, in line with national circumstances, and double its share in least-developed countries. 
Increase the access of small-scale industrial and other enterprises, in particular in developing countries, to financial services, including affordable credit, and their integration into value chains and markets. 
Facilitate sustainable and resilient infrastructure development in developing countries through enhanced financial, technological and technical support to African countries, least-developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small-island developing States. 
Beyond access to the formal economy, we are seeking to ensure economic prosperity, particularly for those who have been previously excluded. We believe in a collaborative approach, working through private–private and public–private partnerships toward a more inclusive economy.
We do this through initiatives such as Community Pass platform and its component programs — including Farm Pass, Mastercard Commerce Pass and Wellness Pass — which provide access to critical services including education, health care, humanitarian aid and micro-commerce, for underserved, remote and frequently offline communities across Africa and Asia. Community Pass programs reached a milestone of over 1 million engaged users in 2021.
Mastercard is also working to address systemic racism in the financial system through partnerships like the one forged with Howard University. A $5 million commitment to the Center for Applied Data Science and Analytics (CADSA) will help to expand its research and instructional footprint in the areas of Black health and health disparities, social justice, environmental justice and economic empowerment. Housed on Howard’s campus, CADSA will lead collaboration with other historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) to share best practices, curricula and research. It also will partner with industry leaders, like data.org, to advance talent development and diversity in the field of data science for social impact.
Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.5 11.a 11.b. 
By 2030, ensure access for all to adequate, safe and affordable housing and basic services, and upgrade slums. 
By 2030, provide access to safe, affordable, accessible and sustainable transport systems for all. 
By 2030, enhance inclusive and sustainable urbanization and capacity for participatory, integrated and sustainable human settlement planning and management in all countries. 
By 2030, significantly reduce the number of deaths and the number of people affected and substantially decrease the direct economic losses relative to global gross domestic product caused by disasters, including water-related disasters, with a focus on protecting the poor and people in vulnerable situations. 
Support positive economic, social and environmental links between urban, peri-urban and rural areas by strengthening national and regional development planning. 
By 2020, substantially increase the number of cities and human settlements adopting and implementing integrated policies and plans towards inclusion, resource efficiency, mitigation and adaptation to climate change, resilience. 
Mastercard has developed a suite of powerful, flexible solutions that are faster, more efficient and more secure than cash and paper vouchers. Our products support the important work aid agencies undertake by benefiting communities, stimulating local markets and providing beneficiaries with dignity through choice.
Responding to the urgency of the war in Ukraine, Mastercard leveraged this existing suite of prepaid and digital products to disburse immediate relief to those most in need and at risk through its trusted partner network.
We also delivered effective solutions that improve the lives of citizens with a multi-city In Solidarity tour that connected government partners, educational institutions, local small business organizations and Black entrepreneurs to address local challenges and systemic bias. The tour visited cities including New York, Atlanta, New Orleans, St. Louis, Los Angeles and Birmingham.
Additionally, we launched programs focused on improving access to financial services and protecting and growing intergenerational wealth, including One Atlanta, Crescent City Card in New Orleans and the Angeleno Card in Los Angeles.
 

 

 

 

 

 

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS. 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 78 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 


SUSTAI NAB LE DEVE LOPM E NT GOALS. 
SDG SDG SUB-GOALS WE FOCUS ON OUR COMMITMENTS AND PROGRESS. 
Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts 13.1 13.2 13.3. 
Strengthen resilience and adaptive capacity to climate-related hazards and natural disasters in all countries. 
Integrate climate change measures into national policies, strategies and planning. 
Improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early warning. 
We are committed to reducing our own carbon footprint and creating innovative solutions and initiatives that unite our network of customers, partners and consumers in climate action. To accomplish this, we: ∙ We accelerated our commitment to reach net-zero emissions by a decade, from 2050 to 2040. We launched initiatives to help us meet that goal, including formally linking executive compensation to carbon neutrality (or the 100 percent offset of our operational Scope 1 and Scope 2 CO2 emissions) so our leadership teams are held accountable for these commitments.
∙ Engaged more than 85 partners with the Priceless Planet Coalition to unite climate efforts to restore 100 million trees.
∙ Integrated the Mastercard Carbon Calculator across our global network for banking partners so that their consumers can understand the environmental impact of their spending.
∙ Launched the Sustainability Innovation Lab to co-create with partners to develop products and solutions that offer more sustainable consumer choice.
∙ Leveraged the Sustainable Card Badge and Certification Program to help financial institutions develop cards made from eco-friendly materials.
Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development 17.3 17.13 17.14 17.16 17.18. 
Mobilize additional financial resources for developing countries from multiple sources. 
Enhance global macroeconomic stability, including through policy coordination and policy coherence. 
Enhance policy coherence for sustainable development. 
Enhance the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development, complemented by multi-stakeholder partnerships that mobilize and share knowledge, expertise, technology and financial resources, to support the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals in all countries, in particular developing countries. 
By 2020, enhance capacity-building support to developing countries, including for least-developed countries and small-island developing States, to increase significantly the availability of high-quality, timely and reliable data disaggregated by income, gender, age, race, ethnicity, migratory status, disability, geographic location and other characteristics relevant in national contexts. 
Through our In Solidarity initiative to promote equity and justice, we promised to enhance our partnerships with civil rights groups and community-based organizations.
We are supporting cross-sector collaboration to increase the use of data science for social impact to improve the lives of millions of people around the world by launching data.org, a platform for partnerships to advance the field of data science for social impact. In 2021, data.org unveiled its Epiverse initiative to create open-source data software tools for pandemic response. It will partner with CFIG data scientists to help test privacypreserving approaches.
In October 2021, we launched an innovative partnership with India’s HDFC Bank, the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation and USAID to provide $100 million in credit to unbanked MSMEs, with the goal that at least half of the borrowers will be woman-led businesses.
In 2021, the Inclusive Growth and Recovery Challenge received more than 1,200 submissions from over 100 countries and selected eight awardees. A number of those awardees in turn secured additional funding, including through the crowdsourcing platform Splunk, to expand pilots into five new geographies in Africa, South America, and the United States.
 

 

 

 

 

 


SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS. 
CH A P T E R 1 HOM E CH A P T E R 2 CH A P T E R 3 CH A P T E R 5 A PPE N D I X CH A P TE R 4 79 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 


TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX. 
Governance The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors oversees policies and monitors programs pertaining to sustainability matters, including those relating to environmental stewardship.
Our senior management also works together to advance our global sustainability efforts across the organization. In 2021, we established an ESG Executive Steering Committee comprising leaders from our major business units and support functions (such as sustainability, facilities, enterprise risk management, enterprise resilience, legal, finance and sourcing) to provide greater leadership, coordination and coherence on ESG issues, inclusive of identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
Strategy and risk management Preparing for and responding to climaterelated risks and opportunities and helping our customers and communities develop the capacity to respond to future changes are key aspects of our business strategy. It will take time and considerable strategic thought to ensure that the actions we take today will create a more equitable, sustainable and resilient future for all. In 2020, we completed a qualitative scenario analysis to identify potential climate-related physical and transition risks and opportunities as our business and people transition to a low-carbon and adaptive economy.
This analysis included multiple International Energy Agency (IEA) and Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) scenarios and time horizons to evaluate future states, noting that at this point it is not clear which one is the most likely. To assess the transition risks and opportunities for our market and business, we used high-, medium- and low-emission scenarios focused on five key regions — United States, Europe, Africa, Middle East and Asia-Pacific — across two time horizons, short-term (2025) and medium-term (2040). These time horizons roughly align with our GHG targets and consider near term and long term. To assess the physical impacts of climate change on certain facilities, including our global and regional headquarters, key data centers and key supplier locations, we evaluated potential threats to businesscritical sites under future climate projections based on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC’s) Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs).
Risks were analyzed across several time horizons including a future midterm projection (2035) and a future long-term projection (2060). This qualitative analysis of 12 sites is part of our broader process to evaluate threats and risk mitigation opportunities across our global operations, supply chain and revenue sources. Each of the 12 sites was examined by looking at seven potential risks resulting from the physical impacts of climate change. The RCP 8.5 scenario was selected because it represents a business-as-usual, worst-case scenario climate emissions trajectory model and provides an upper-boundary condition to support our analysis and risk-management measures. This preliminary analysis indicates that we could see increasing risk of chronic climate stressors (increasing temperatures, sea level rise) and acute climate events (flooding, drought, extreme temperatures) at a majority of the sites by 2060. Such potential risks are not forecasts and are not necessarily indicative of future performance. They also do not take into account potential risk-mitigation or adaptation efforts, and assume that such sites continue to operate through the dates specified.
Current opportunities include sustainable and resilient programs and services, such as the Priceless Planet Coalition; carbon calculator tools such as ours, which is powered by the Doconomy Åland Index; accelerated digitization of transactions; and resilience services, such as support for disaster needs. Current transition risks include impacts to travel patterns and inequitable global growth. We are using the results of the initial analysis to inform our key functions, including risk, strategy and government engagement.
Metrics and target We have made several notable commitments to combat climate change, including: ∙ Net-zero emissions by 2040 ∙ SBTi-approved GHG short-term reduction goals to reduce total Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 38% and Scope 3 emissions by 20% by 2025 from a 2016 baseline, which will be modified in 2022 as we work with SBTi to finalize our net-zero 2040 plans ∙ RE100, which reinforces our achievement of procuring 100% renewable electricity ∙ Restoration of 100 million trees over 5 years through the Priceless Planet Coalition ∙ The integration of Carbon Calculator, a consumer carbon footprint estimating tool launched in collaboration with Doconomy, at the core network level, making all Mastercard transactions eligible for scoring and allowing this functionality to scale more quickly ∙ The launch of our Sustainability Innovation. 
Lab, the first of our innovation hubs to focus exclusively on sustainability, built to create products that have a positive environmental impact with strategic Mastercard partners. 
CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 80 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
TCFD I N DEX


CHAP TER 1 HOM E CHAP TER 2 CHAP TER 3 CHAP TER 5 APPE N D IX CHAP TE R 4 81 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
TCFD I N DEX. 
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX. 
Additionally, in line with TCFD’s recommendations, we publicly disclose our climate-related information through our annual CDP Climate Change response. We have provided a table mapping TCFD’s disclosure recommendations to our CDP responses.
TCFD CORE ELEMENT TCFD DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT (SHORT) TCFD DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT (COMPLETE) CDP 2021 CLIMATE CHANGE. 
Governance. 
Degree of board oversight (a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. C1.1b. 
Management’s role (b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. C1.2, C1.2a. 
Strategy. 
Climate-related risks and opportunities (a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term. C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a. 
Impacts of risks and opportunities (b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.1d, C3.1e, C3.1f, C3.2a, C3.3, C3.4, C3.4a. 
Resilience of the organization’s strategy (c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C-or-lower scenario. C3.2, C3.2a. 
Risk management. 
Climate risk identification process (a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a. 
Climate risk-management process (b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. C2.1, C2.2. 
Integration with other risk-management processes (c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. C2.1, C2.2. 
Metrics & targets. 
Identify risk-assessment metrics (a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk-management process. C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b, C9.1. 
Identify GHG emissions (b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. C6.1, C6.3, C6.5. 
Identify targets and risk metrics (c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b 

 

 

 


ESG DATA TABLE. 
The following table discloses information about our ESG programs, policies and metrics mapped to the following voluntary reporting frameworks and initiatives: The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI); the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Software & IT Services industry standards; and the World Economic Forum (WEF) Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics (SCM) core themes. The metrics reported are based on relevance to our business and our current disclosures, aligning to our ESG materiality assessment.
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
General. 
Organization name Mastercard 102-1. 
Purpose, mission and values Purpose Statement; Who We Are 102-16 Governing purpose. 
Activities, brands, products and services 2021 10-K 102-2. 
Markets served Who We Are 102-6. 
Location of headquarters Purchase, New York 102-3. 
Countries of operations Global locations 102-4. 
Ownership and legal form 2021 10-K 102-5. 
Scale of organization 2021 10-K; 2022 Proxy 102-7. 
Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain Financials and SEC filings 102-10. 
Operational and financial results 2021 10-K 201-1 Employment and wealth generation. 
Total tax paid 2021 10-K; U.K. Tax Strategy 201-1 Community and social vitality. 
Statement from senior decision-maker Page 3 102-14. 
Key impacts, risks and opportunities Page 8-10; 2021 10-K 102-15 Risk and opportunity oversight. 
Stakeholder engagement, including memberships 2022 Proxy; several references throughout report 102-13, 102-21, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43, 102-44 Stakeholder engagement. 
Reporting practice Page 2. 
Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 2021 10-K 102-45. 
Defining report content, topic boundaries, and period The report covers the 2021 fiscal year, spanning Jan. 1 to Dec. 31, 2021. In some cases, we include data and information about programs and activities that were relevant to our key areas of impact in corporate sustainability and that occurred in the 2022 fiscal year, as noted. 102-46, 102-50. 
List of material topics Page 9 102-47 Stakeholder engagement. 
Restatements of information None 102-48. 
Changes in reporting None 102-49. 
Date of most recent report 2020 Corporate Sustainability Report published June 30, 2021 102-51. 
Reporting cycle Annual 102-52. 
Contact point for questions regarding report sustainability@mastercard.com 102-53. 

 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 82 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 83 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
General. 
Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. 102-54. 
GRI content index Pages 82-90 102-55. 
External assurance Page 72 102-56. 
Governance. 
Ethics and Compliance Pages 56-57. 
Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior Pages 56-57; Code of Conduct; Supplier Code of Conduct 102-16 Governing purpose. 
Employee completion of annual compliance and ethics training (% of total workforce) 100% 205-2 Ethical behavior. 
Grievance mechanism for employees, third parties and public at large Page 56; Ethics Helpline 102-17 Ethical behavior. 
Anti-competition Page 57 102-25. 
Anti-corruption Page 57; Code of Conduct 205-2 Ethical behavior Employees and Board of Directors received training about anti-corruption (%) 100%
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations Mastercard discloses all material legal proceedings in our SEC reports. TC-SI-520a.1. 
Public policy and political contributions Political Activity and Public Policy Statement 415, 415-1. 
Governance Structure 2022 Proxy Statement 102-18, 102-19, 102-23, 102-24 Quality of governing body. 
Executive-level responsibility for ESG topics 2022 Proxy Statement 102-20. 
Composition of the highest governance and its committees 2022 Proxy Statement 102-22, 405, 405-1. 
Board of Directors 2022 Proxy Statement 405, 405-1. 
Women 27% 29% 27% 27%
Men 73% 71% 73% 73%
Asian 40% 43% 40%
Black 7% 7% 7%
Latino 13% 7% 7%
White 40% 43% 46%
Sustainability experience 87% 86% 

 


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Governance. 
Management committee 2022 Proxy Statement, page 64 405, 405-1. 
Women 24% 19% 20%
Men 76% 81% 80%
Asian* 35% 35%
Black* 5% 0%
Hispanic or Latino* 5% 6%
White* 55% 59%
Internationally based 39% 43% 43%
U.S.* 61% 57%
Average age 53 52 53. 
Racially or Ethnically diverse 42% 44%
Remuneration policies and disclosure 2022 Proxy Statement 102-35, 102-36, 102-37. 
Annual total compensation ratio 2022 Proxy Statement 102-38. 
Risk management 2021 10-K 102-33. 
Business continuity risks related to disruptions of operations 2021 10-K TC-SI-550a.2. 
Approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party cybersecurity standards Pages 58-66; Privacy and data protection report TC-SI-230a.2 Risk and opportunity oversight. 
Privacy, data protection and security Pages 58-66; Privacy and data protection report; Mastercard Binding Corporate Rules; Our commitment to privacy 418 TC-SI-220a.1, TC-SI-230a.1. 
Policies and practices relating to user privacy Pages 58-66; Privacy and data protection report; Mastercard Binding Corporate Rules; Our commitment to privacy TC-SI-220a.1. 
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with user privacy Mastercard discloses all material legal proceedings in our SEC reports. TC-SI-220a.3. 
Data security: monitoring fraud Pages 61-66 TC-SI-230a.1. 
Responsible Sourcing and Supplier Diversity Pages 52-53, 70; Supplier Code of Conduct 102-9. 
Social. 
Total Employees 24,000 21,000 18,600 14,800 102-7, 102-8, 405, 405-1 TC-SI-330a.3 Dignity and equality. 
Employees in # of countries outside of U.S. 65% in 85 countries 63% in 82 countries 61% in 82 countries 102-7, 102-8 TCI-SI-330a.4 

 *New addition beyond 2020 ESG reporting.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 84 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Social. 
Employees by gender (global)1 405-1. 
Women 39% 38% 39% 39%
Men 61% 61% 61% 61%
Senior management by gender (global)2 405-1. 
Women 33% 32% 33% 33%
Men 67% 68% 67% 67%
Employees by ethnicity (U.S.) 405-1. 
Black or African American 6% 5.6% 5.5% 5.6%
Hispanic or Latino 8% 8.4% 8.3% 8.4%
Asian 23% 22.3% 20.6% 19.9%
All other people of color 2% 1.8% 2% 1.7%
White 58% 59.5% 60.6% 64.4%
Senior management by ethnicity (U.S.) 405-1. 
Black or African American 6% 6.4% 4.2% 4.5%
Hispanic or Latino 12% 11.1% 11.2% 10.7%
Asian 13% 13.3% 14.8% 15.1%
All other people of color 1% 0.9% 1.8% 1.7%
White 66% 66% 67.4% 68%
Country managers by gender (global) 405-1. 
Female 35% 31% 29%
Male 65% 69% 71%
Generational distribution* 405-1. 
Baby Boomer 6% 7%
Generation X 33% 36%
Millennial 57% 55%
Generation Z 5% 3% *New addition beyond 2020 ESG reporting. 1Women/men and ethnicity totals do not include unknown. Denominators include unknown. 2Senior management is defined as vice president and above.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 85 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Social. 
Global Women by Level* 405-1. 
Senior Management 33% 32%
First-/Mid-Level Management 36% 36%
Professional 40% 39%
Administrative 70% 85%
Technical 27% 27%
Non-Technical 45% 45%
U.S. People of Color (PoC) by Level* 405-1. 
Senior Management 33% 32%
First-/Mid-Level Management 37% 35%
Professional 45% 45%
Administrative 30% 36%
Technical 47% 42%
Non-Technical 36% 36%
Undergraduate interns Page 31. 
Women 51% 42% 47%
Men 48% 57% 49%
Asian 31% 42% 37%
Black or African American 12% 5% 11%
Hispanic or Latino 9% 9% 16%
All other people of color 2% 3% 1%
White 37% 39% 32%
Recruitment Pages 30-31 % of final candidate interviews that include women (global) 81% 78% 71% 77% % of final candidate interviews that include men (global) 78% 81% 80% % of final interviews that include a candidate of color (U.S.) 82% 81% 83% 81% % of final interviews that include a white candidate (U.S.) 79% 73% 79% 

*New addition beyond 2020 ESG reporting.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 86 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Social. 
Senior management recruitment Pages 30-31, 36 % of final candidate interviews that include women (global) 83% 81% 67% 70% % of final candidate interviews that include men (global) 81% 90% 88% % of final interviews that include a candidate of color (U.S.) 85% 73% 82% 79% % of final interviews that include a white candidate (U.S.) 93% 80% 84%
Hiring Pages 30-31 % of hires that were women (global) 41% 38% 40% 41% % of hires that were men (global) 58% 62% 60% 59% % of hires that were people of color (U.S.) 51% 49%** 45% 42% % of hires that were white (U.S.) 47% 48%** 55% 58%
Senior management hiring Pages 30-31, 36 % of hires that were women (global) 42% 44% 33% 38% % of hires that were men (global) 58% 56% 67% 62% % of hires that were people of color (U.S.) 40% 36% 42% 37% of hires that were white (U.S.) 60% 64% 58% 63%
University hires Page 31 % of university hires that were women (global) 48% 39% 42% % of university hires that were men (global) 51% 61% 58% % of university hires that were people of color (U.S.) 60% 61% 61% % of university hires that were white (U.S.) 39% 38% 39%
Career moves % of career moves received by women (global) 42% 39% 40% 40% % of career moves received by men (global) 58% 60% 60% 60% % of career moves received by people of color (U.S.) 40% 39% 38% 38% % of career moves received by whites (U.S.) 58% 59% 60% 61% **Correction to number previously reported in 2020 report.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 87 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Social. 
Senior management2 career moves % of career moves received by women (global) 46% 36% 35% 35% % of career moves received by men (global) 54% 64% 64% 65% % of career moves received by people of color (U.S.) 38% 35% 36% 38% % of career moves received by whites (U.S.) 58% 62% 61% 61%
Equal pay Page 33 405-2 Dignity and equality. 
Women-to-men pay equity (global) $1.00 to $1.00 $1.00 to $1.00 $1.00 to $1.00 $0.996 to $1.000. 
Median pay for women (global) 93.0% 92.4% 92.2%
People of color to Caucasian pay equity (U.S.) $1.00 to $1.00 $1.00 to $1.00 $1.006 to $1.000. 
Median pay for people of color (U.S.) 92.6% 92.4% 93.0%
Employees subject to collective bargaining agreements (U.S.) 0 0 0 0 102-41. 
Voluntary attrition rate* 11.0% 4.6% 7.4% 401-1. 
Employee engagement Pages 38-41 TC-SI-330a.2. 
Employee engagement favorability 87.7% 85%
Employee health, safety and well-being Pages 33-34 Health and well-being. 
Benefits Pages 32-33; Employee benefits 401-2, 401-3, 403-6. 
Ratio of CEO’s compensation to median employee’s compensation 126 to 1 210 to 1 168 to 1 167 to 1 Dignity and equality. 
Training and education Pages 35-37 404, 404-2 Employees given performance and career development reviews 100% 100% 100% 100% 404-3. 
Human rights Page 67; Human Rights Statement; Code of Conduct; Supplier Code of Conduct; Modern Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement 410, 412, 412-1, 412-2. 
Inclusive growth Pages 11-26. 
Mastercard Giving Pages 24, 40. 
Total Mastercard Giving $113,886,889 $80,172,000. 
Community $77,590,269 $50,476,000. 
COVID-19 and other disaster relief $38,975,174 $29,978,000. 
Match employee giving $5,109,842 $5,633,000 

 

*New addition beyond 2020 ESG reporting. 2Senior management is defined as vice president and above.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 88 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Social. 
Employee matching gifts $3,991,222 $4,568,000. 
Board of Directors matching gifts $44,000 $98,000. 
Retiree matching gifts $665,739 $562,000. 
Volunteer incentive program $225,500 $155,000. 
PAC match $183,381 $250,000. 
Other community $33,505,253 $14,861,000. 
Data science for social impact and economic development $13,678,271 $12,905,000. 
Financial security and future of work $22,618,349 $16,791,000. 
Environmental. 
Environmental management Page 49 305 Climate change. 
Net Zero target Mastercard committed to net-zero emissions by 2040.
Carbon neutrality We achieved carbon neutrality, or the 100% offset of our operational CO2 emissions, in 2021.
Science-based target Our target calls for a 38% absolute reduction in Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 2025 from our 2016 base year, and a 20% reduction in Scope 3 emissions over the same period.
TCFD implementation Page 80. 
Greenhouse gas emissions Page 49 Climate change. 
Scope 1 GHG emissions (MTCO2e) 5,164 3,221 4,758 4,828 305-1, 305-5. 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (MTCO2e) (location-based) 48,974 52,538 52,141 52,859. 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (MTCO2e) (market-based) 229 268 162 3,399. 
Breakdown of Scope 1 + 2 GHG emissions (MTCO2e)
Data centers 29,925 32,455 31,295 29,798 305-2, 305-5. 
Offices 21,503 22,319 23,649 26,644. 
Travel 2,710 985 1,955 1,246. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions (MTCO2e) 494,564 366,143 503,012 495,962 305-3, 305-5. 
Purchased goods and services3 452,911 344,076 396,270 395,684. 
Fuel- and energy-related activities 8,818 6,485 8,452 11,779. 
Waste generated in operations 415 486 1,288 339. 
Business travel 3,849 7,373 53,738 49,174. 
Employee commuting 28,571 7,723 43,264 38,986 

 

3Includes purchased goods and services and capital goods.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 89 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE


ESG DATA TABLE. 
DESCRIPTION FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 FY 2018 GRI SASB WEF SCM. 
Environmental. 
Greenhouse gas intensity (MTCO2e/$Revenue) 0.0000029 0.0000036 0.0000034 0.000006 305-4. 
Energy management Pages 49-51 302. 
Total energy consumed (MWh) 102,778 107,320 109,718 114,944 302-1, 302-4 TC-SI-130a.1. 
Data centers 58,300 61,862 50,522 40,481. 
Offices 44,478 45,458 59,196 74,463. 
Grid electricity (%) 96% 97% 97% 98% TC-SI-130a.1. 
Renewable energy (%) 100% 100% 100% 100% TC-SI-130a.1. 
Long-term renewable energy purchased* 0.7%
On-site creation 3.6% 3.2% 3% 2%
Direct procurement 6.0% 8.3% 10% 11%
Unbundled renewable energy credits 89.6% 88.5% 87% 87%
Data Centers Page 50 TC-SI-130a.3. 
Average PUE4 1.51 1.50 1.55 1.41 TC-SI-130a.3. 
In-country RECs (MWh)*
Argentina* 86. 
Japan* 115 306. 
Waste management Page 54. 
Waste generated (lbs) 1,637,393 1,037,603 3,111,778 2,294,341 306-2. 
Waste diverted (lbs) 1,410,397 760,657 2,470,640 1,766,001 306-2. 
Percentage of waste diverted 86.10% 73% 80% 77% 306-2. 
Water management 303. 
Water consumption (cubic meters)5 392,614 120,504 130,253 128,549 303-5 *New addition beyond 2020 ESG reporting. 4Vocalink’s PUE was included in 2020 and 2019. For previous years, it was not included. 5The increased water usage for 2022 is attributed to the addition of the chilled water storage systems and upgraded chillers in our data centers, which will help us to increase our energy efficiency and data center reliability.
CHAPTER 1 HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 APPENDIX CHAPTER 4 90 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1 APPENDIX HOME CHAPTER 2 CHAPTER 3 CHAPTER 5 CHAPTER 4 CHAPTER 1. 
ESG DATA TAB LE