Corporate Citizenship Report


3 Corporate Citizenship 4 Our priorities 8 CEO message 9 Awards 11 Workforce 16 Report details 18 Values and ethics 22 Education 23 Overview 25 Oracle Academy 32 Oracle Education Foundation 39 Design Tech High School 42 Giving 43 Overview 46 Education 50 Environment 54 Community 58 Employee giving 61 Grant portfolio 73 Volunteering 74 Overview 79 Education 82 Environment 85 Community. 
Table of Contents 89 Sustainability 90 Overview 94 Clean Cloud 99 Operations 107 Customers 112 Employees 118 Health 124 Appendix—Global Reporting. 
Initiative (GRI) Standards 125 General disclosures 128 Material topics


Steadfastly philanthropic and socially responsible. 
Photo courtesy of Aim High. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 3


Leading by example. 
Oracle’s corporate citizenship efforts are steadfast, clear-eyed, and effective. We’re proud that our greatest assets—our people and our technology—change lives for the better, every day.
Message from our CEO. 
Education Exploring new frontiers of education, together. 
Our education initiatives—Oracle Academy and Oracle Education Foundation— are helping students develop the skills they need to become technology innovators and leaders. Both programs proved to be vital in helping students thrive during the pandemic.
Oracle Academy. 
Design Tech High School. 
Oracle Education Foundation. 
Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Our Priorities. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 4


Giving Philanthropy with efficacy. 
Oracle supports thousands of nonprofit organizations globally through cash grants, sponsorships, and workplace giving.
Learn more about our philanthropy. 
Volunteering Doing our part with heart and intention. 
All year long, Oracle Volunteers around the world act on their desire to help people and the planet, undertaking 1,600 projects this year alone.
See Oracle Volunteers in action. 
Photo by Enric Sala, National Geographic Pristine Seas. 
Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Our Priorities. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 5


Corporate Citizenship Communities Building connections. Sharing knowledge. Amplifying impact.
The Corporate Citizenship Communities program unites employees with a passion for giving and volunteering. Launched in 2019, it’s now 30+ communities strong and growing.
Learn more about the program. 
Sustainability The planet is a stakeholder. 
At Oracle, we know that sustainability is good business. We continually invest in initiatives that help us run our business more sustainably and develop products and services that help our customers do the same.
Learn more about sustainability at Oracle. 
Photo by Victoria Reeder, Save the Redwoods League. 
Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Our Priorities. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 6


Health Resilient together. 
Weathering the pandemic has necessitated levels of resilience and collaboration that are unmatched in most of our lifetimes. Oracle and its employees have remained steadfast and strong, stepping up to support our communities, customers, and each other.
Learn more about our health initiatives. 
Stay current. 
Photo courtesy of Second Harvest of Silicon Valley. 
Follow us on Twitter Read our blog Explore our video library. 
Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Our Priorities. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 7


Leading by example 2020 was a year unlike any other, one that called on us to respond to profound global disruption with the fullness of our humanity, our resiliency and ingenuity, and our keen sense of social responsibility. While these values are constants at Oracle, I’m especially proud of our corporate citizenship achievements as I reflect on the past year.
Inherent in every crisis are the seeds of opportunity—for creativity and problem solving, for caring and altruism—and Oracle employees seized those opportunities, every day, all around the world.
Philanthropically, we were unwavering in our support of thousands of nonprofit and nongovernmental organizations worldwide. When demand on foodbanks, shelters, and health organizations surged, these organizations knew they could depend on our steady support. When lockdowns upended in-person educational, environmental, and community programs, we offered general operating support to help our grantees adapt their programs and weather the storm.
During this time, Oracle Volunteers have donated more hours than ever before, even as they swiftly adapted in March 2020 to 100 percent virtual and contactless volunteering. I’m inspired by the many creative ways our employees banded together to help others. They taught classes online, translated educational materials into multiple languages, and became virtual mentors for students, young professionals, and emerging entrepreneurs. They took to crafting, making personal protective equipment for essential workers, and clothing and prosthetics for patients in need. They turned solo walks on the beach and on the trail into cleanups. They gave special attention to the most vulnerable. They opened their wallets, gave more generously than ever, and leveraged Oracle matching gifts to amplify their donations.
Our education initiatives—Oracle Academy and Oracle Education Foundation—proved to be vital in helping students thrive in this challenging environment. Oracle Academy, which provides educational institutions with free access to a variety of curriculum and technologies, including Oracle Cloud, continued to deliver resources to educators to keep students engaged virtually during the pandemic. Oracle Education Foundation transformed its in-person classes to virtual, expanded its offerings, engaged more Oracle Volunteers and students than ever, and continued to enthusiastically experiment in reinventing education.
Culturally, our employees’ well-being and success are of paramount importance. True to these priorities, we continue to invest in our people through ongoing career development, diversity and inclusion initiatives, and health and wellness programs designed to support them throughout the pandemic and beyond. These efforts earned us awards from the. 
Great Place to Work Institute, as well as a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index for the fourteenth consecutive year.
Technologically, we play a critical role in helping our customers make a difference. Zoom, which is hosted on Oracle’s cloud infrastructure, has become a mainstay of commercial, educational, and social connection and productivity worldwide. The Therapeutic Learning System, which Oracle built and donated to the US government, is helping doctors track the effectiveness of COVID-19 drugs. Our partnership with the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change is helping African governments manage large-scale vaccination programs in the cloud, contain major diseases, and save lives; this ten-year commitment will provide free access to the Oracle Health Management system, which will also support COVID-19 vaccine rollouts.
Environmentally, we’re doubling down on our commitment to protect the planet. Our new, ambitious sustainability goals include a commitment to power Oracle Cloud with 100% renewable energy by 2025. Our technology is enabling organizations large and small, across industries, to operate sustainably and develop solutions to tackle climate change.
As demonstrated throughout this report, Oracle’s corporate citizenship efforts are steadfast, clear-eyed, and effective. We’re proud that our greatest assets—our people and our technology—change lives for the better, every day. If you’d like to share your feedback with us, please contact us at citizenship_ww@oracle.com.
Safra Catz, Chief Executive Officer. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 8


A recognized leader in corporate citizenship. 
Awards and recognition. 
Corporate citizenship • Ranked #17 in the San Francisco Business Times Corporate Philanthropy Awards in 2020 • Named among 100 Best Corporate Citizens of 2019 by Corporate Responsibility Magazine • Received a AAA rating on the 2019 Toyo Keizai CSR Survey in the Overall CSR category. 
Workforce • Included on Forbes’ 2020 list of World’s Best Employers • Included on Forbes’ 2020 list of Best Employers in Canada • Received a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights Campaign’s 2020 Corporate Equality Index for the 14th consecutive year • Named to the list of Top 50 Employers for women engineers in 2020 by readers of Woman Engineer Magazine • Ranked #9 on LinkedIn’s list of Top 50 Companies in 2019 • Recognized on Winds of Change 2019 Top 50 Workplaces for Native American STEM Professionals • Named a Top Supporter of Historically Black College and University (HBCU) Engineering in 2019 • Named to the list of Top 50 Employers for women engineers in 2020 by readers of Women Engineer Magazine • Named to the list of Top 50 Employers for minority engineers in 2020 by readers of Minority Engineer Magazine • Named to the list of Top 50 Employers for workforce diversity in 2020 by readers of Workforce Diversity Magazine • Named among the Best Places to Work in Latin America in 2020 by the Great Place to Work Institute • Named New ERG Chapter of the Year by Out & Equal Workplace Advocates in 2020 (OPEN Santa Monica) • Received a Gold rating in 2020 on the Work with Pride Index, which promotes LGBT-inclusive workplaces in Japan • Received Leadership California’s Corporate Leader Award 2020 • Received a Gold rating in the Gan-Ally-Bu Cancer Ally Award in Japan. 
Our Priorities Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Awards. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 9


Sustainability • Awarded a Gold Certification by EcoVadis in 2019, putting us in the top 2 percent of suppliers that use the platform • Recognized as a CDP Supplier Engagement Leader in 2019 • Ranked #9 on the list of Top Management Companies with BOMA 360 Buildings in 2019 • Recognized as one of the Best Workplaces for Commuters in California in 2020. 
Values and ethics • Recognized on the Global RepTrak 100 list of the World’s Most Reputable Companies, published by the Reputation Institute in 2019 • Earned a PrivacyMark accreditation from the Japan Institute for Promotion of Digital Economy and Community. 
Oracle Academy • Won a Silver Cyprus Responsible Business Award for digital education and skills and employing technology for the common good in the country • Earned two Bronze awards for our work in education and responsible business practices in Greece from the prestigious Hellenic Responsible Business Awards 2019 • Recognized with a CSR Award by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) for excellence in corporate social responsibility (CSR) for Oracle Academy’s work in Thailand • Recognized with a Certificate of Appreciation by The Indonesian Association of Higher Education Informatics and Computers (APTIKOM) for being an outstanding contributor and strategic partner in advancing computing education in the country. 
Awards and recognition (cont’d)
Learn more Download the report (PDF) CDP climate change response (PDF)
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Datasheet (PDF) Corporate Citizenship Report—India. 
Our Priorities Values and Ethics Workforce Report Details CEO Message Awards. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 10


Our people are our success. 
Our people create the future by designing, developing, and delivering solutions that transform how the world uses and manages information. We’re committed to our employees’ success and we strive to create a culture that supports diversity and inclusion, teamwork, continuous learning, and well-being.
Visit the Oracle Careers website. 
Diversity and inclusion at Oracle. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Report Details CEO Message Workforce. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 11


Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Report Details CEO Message Workforce. 
Our global workforce. 
Americas 55,309. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa 26,798. 
Japan, Asia Pacific 51,834. 
Total 133,941 “Every good idea at Oracle comes from our employees. By building diverse and inclusive teams, we benefit from each other’s strengths and perspectives. That’s what turns good ideas into great ideas.” —Safra Catz, Oracle CEO. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 12


A culture of diversity and inclusion, shared success, and growth. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Report Details CEO Message Workforce. 
Employee communities Connected through communities. 
Oracle supports thousands of nonprofit organizations globally through cash At Oracle, we don’t just value differences, we celebrate them. Our employees’ passions, diverse backgrounds, and experiences are our strengths. Employee resource and affinity groups strengthen diversity, inclusion, and dedication— that’s why we support them.
Learn more about diversity and inclusion at Oracle. 
Watch the video. 
Oracle Women’s Leadership Developing and empowering women leaders. 
Employees engaged in Oracle Women’s Leadership are shaping the future. Oracle Women’s Leadership’s global mission is to develop, engage, and empower current and future generations of women leaders.
Learn more about Oracle Women’s Leadership. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 13


Awards and recognition. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Report Details CEO Message Workforce. 
Accessibility Equal access equals opportunity. 
Empowering employees with disabilities through independence and equal access helps Oracle thrive.
Our inclusive culture inspires our people to support one another through a variety of initiatives, including the Diverse Abilities Network employee resource group, Disability Inclusion webcasts, the Abilities Matter internship program, Oracle Interpreter Services, and a robust accessibility program that defines corporate accessibility standards for Oracle products.
Read about our culture of disability inclusion. 
Learn more about our accessibility program. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 14


Learning and development We succeed by helping our employees succeed. 
Learning is lifelong, and we encourage our employees to grow their skills and innovate to deliver the best solutions.
In FY20, Oracle employees • Received 1.4 million hours in training.
• Accessed online learning content at a rate of more than 2 million monthly views; 72% of employees utilized available resources during the year.
Learn more about career development at Oracle. 
Employee wellness Helping our employees thrive through crisis. 
The health and safety of our employees is paramount at Oracle. We’ve provided our employees with a number of resources to navigate the challenges brought on by COVID-19. Our Benefits and Employee Assistance programs support the well-being of our employees and provide emergency funding to those experiencing financial hardships. Our learning and development resources help employees build skills anytime, anywhere.
Learn about Oracle employee benefits. 
Learn about Oracle Environment, Health, and Safety (PDF)
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Report Details CEO Message Workforce. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 15


Design and scope. 
This report was designed to achieve the following objectives: • Communicate Oracle’s efforts to benefit society through our products, services, and corporate citizenship initiatives • Track Oracle’s progress across our citizenship programs, including education, giving, volunteering, and sustainability • Align with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
Reporting period. 
Unless otherwise noted, the report covers all Oracle subsidiaries for the reporting period FY 2020 (June 1, 2019 through May 31, 2020). The Corporate Citizenship Report Datasheet (PDF) summarizes the data for the past three fiscal years through May 31, 2020.
If you have any questions regarding this report, please contact us at citizenship_ww@oracle.com.
Report Archives 2019 report (PDF) 2016 report (PDF) 2014 report (PDF) 2012 report (PDF) 2010 report (PDF) 2008 report (PDF) 2006 report (PDF)
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Workforce CEO Message Report Details. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 16


Materiality. 
Oracle periodically conducts a materiality assessment in order to better identify and understand the areas where we should focus our efforts. This process helps us optimize the economic, environmental, and social performance required for long-term business success, while also enabling us to communicate Oracle’s value contribution and positive impact in the communities in which we operate.
As part of our assessment, we reference the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards to identify key sustainability benchmarks. We’re also guided by employee surveys and customers’ requests for proposals to identify issues that are most important to them.
Upholding the highest standards of ethical business conduct. 
Values and ethics. 
Human rights (PDF)
Governance. 
Safeguarding the privacy and security of the data we manage. 
Cloud security. 
Privacy. 
Providing a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and safe. 
Diversity and inclusion. 
Employee development. 
Health and safety (PDF)
Engaging employees to help them make a positive impact. 
Oracle Volunteering. 
Employee giving. 
Sustainability programs. 
Educating students and advancing technological inclusion globally. 
Education. 
Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Education Foundation. 
Engaging philanthropically in our communities around the world. 
Oracle Giving. 
Oracle Volunteering. 
Oracle Education Foundation. 
Leveraging our technology for economic, social, and environmental value creation. 
Customer success. 
Solutions enabling sustainability. 
Oracle NetSuite Social Impact. 
Integrating sustainable business thinking, including circularity and climate change. 
Clean Cloud. 
Sustainable operations. 
See our GRI content index. 
Our Priorities Awards Values and Ethics Workforce CEO Message Report Details. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 17


Values and ethics Policies and standards. 
Environment, Health, and Safety Policy →
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy →
Accessibility Policy →
Policy Against Trafficking in Persons and Slavery (PDF) →
Statement on Conflict Minerals (PDF) →
Privacy Policy →
Sustainable Procurement Statement (PDF) →
Environmental Policy (PDF) →
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct →
Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct →
Partner Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (PDF) →
Human Rights Statement (PDF) →
Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) →
Our Priorities Awards Workforce Report Details CEO Message Values and Ethics. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 18


Operating with integrity. 
Our Priorities Awards Workforce Report Details CEO Message Values and Ethics. 
Governance. 
Implementing corporate governance practices that fulfill our responsibility to stockholders is always a priority for our senior management under the guidance of Oracle’s Board of Directors.
Learn more about Oracle’s corporate governance practices. 
Privacy. 
Safeguarding personal information is paramount in a hyperconnected world. We enforce policies and practices designed to protect data privacy and security for our customers, partners, and employees around the world.
Learn more about Oracle’s privacy policies. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 19


Integrity. 
We are honest and make responsible decisions. We speak up for what is right.
Mutual respect. 
We treat each other with respect and dignity. We value the unique contributions that each individual brings.
Teamwork. 
We work together to make things the best they can be. We collaborate, share ideas, and give constructive feedback.
Communication. 
We share knowledge effectively with one another. We respect the need for confidentiality regarding certain information.
Innovation. 
We welcome new ideas and dare to try new things. Problems are solved where creativity and technical expertise meet.
Customer satisfaction. 
Our customers are our top priority. We make every effort to understand their needs.
Quality. 
We strive for excellence. We hold ourselves to the highest possible standards and always try to improve.
Fairness. 
We treat everyone we work with fairly. We do everything we can to make sure our decisions are free from bias.
Compliance. 
We comply with all laws, regulations, and policies that govern Oracle’s business and our own actions.
Ethics. 
We uphold the highest standards of moral behavior and we act ethically at all times.
Oracle Integrity Helpline. 
The Oracle Integrity Helpline, operated by a third-party service provider, makes it easy to submit a report online or by telephone. The helpline is confidential and available to all Oracle employees to raise concerns or to seek guidance regarding ethics and business conduct issues.
Oracle’s core values. 
The following core values are the foundation of our company and are essential to Oracle’s business.
Our Priorities Awards Workforce Report Details CEO Message Values and Ethics. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 20


Training and awareness. 
Compliance, ethics, and business conduct curriculum. 
To help employees understand and uphold Oracle’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Oracle provides training courses that include, but are not limited to, the following:
Anticorruption and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Trains employees to conduct business ethically and in accordance with applicable anticorruption laws and Oracle policy.
Employee Health and Safety Trains employees to identify and understand workplace hazards and to comply with all applicable health and safety laws, regulations, and any additional requirements.
Ethics and Business Conduct Trains employees to apply Oracle’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct in their daily work.
Information Protection Awareness Teaches employees how to protect information at Oracle and how to apply Oracle’s security and privacy policies and practices to their jobs.
Insider Trading Trains employees to fully comply with the applicable insider trading and securities laws that govern transactions in the securities of Oracle and other companies.
Oracle Software Security Assurance Explains to employees the processes to be followed during product development and describes how to handle security vulnerabilities.
Sexual Harassment Awareness Teaches employees to recognize and report actions that may constitute sexual harassment.
Our Priorities Awards Workforce Report Details CEO Message Values and Ethics. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Education Overview 21


Exploring new frontiers of education, together. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 22


Programs and school partnerships. 
Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Overview. 
Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Academy advances computing education around the world to increase knowledge, innovation, skills development, and diversity in technology fields. By providing free tools and training, we help educators in more than 120 countries engage, inspire, and prepare millions of students to become college- and career-ready as technology innovators and leaders.
Learn more about Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Education Foundation. 
The Oracle Education Foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by Oracle and staffed by Oracle employees. Its mission is to help young people develop the technical acumen, creative confidence, empathy, and persistence to become outstanding designers of solutions to people’s needs and the world’s problems.
Learn more about Oracle Education Foundation. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 23


Design Tech High School. 
Design Tech High School (d.tech) is a pioneering California public charter high school with which Oracle has a deep relationship, having built a home for the school on our corporate campus in 2018. The school’s mission is to develop students who believe that the world can be a better place and that they can be the ones to help make it happen.
Learn more about Design Tech High School. 
Ponelopele Oracle Secondary School. 
The Ponelopele Oracle Secondary School was established in 2006 under a public– private partnership between Oracle Corporation South Africa and the Gauteng Department of Education. More than 1,200 students attend annually, and the school continues to deliver exceptional results.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 24


Changing lives globally with free computing resources. 
Oracle Academy advances computing education around the world to increase knowledge, innovation, skills development, and diversity in technology fields. By providing free tools and training, the program helps educators in more than 120 countries engage, inspire, and prepare millions of students to become college- and career-ready as technology innovators and leaders.
Visit the Oracle Academy website. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 25


Free and virtual resources. 
Oracle Academy advances computing education around the world to increase knowledge, innovation, skills development, and diversity in technology fields. Now, more than ever, teachers need virtual resources to keep learners engaged. Oracle Academy supports its member educators with free teaching and learning resources, all available online using a browser. The new Oracle Academy Cloud Program provides members with free access to Oracle Cloud Free Tier, Oracle Autonomous Database, compute virtual machines (VMs), and other tools so educators and students can learn, build, and explore in the cloud.
Oracle Academy free and virtual resources. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy “With unemployment doubling recently and youth unemployment exceeding 10 percent during the pandemic, this year the difference the Oracle Academy program will make in the lives of students is their ability to find a job right as they graduate, as opposed to when the global economy will recover.” —Bogdan Petcu, Volunteer Coordinator, Oracle Academy Club, Romania. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 26


Europe, Middle East, and Africa Preparing students for the future of technology. 
The Oracle Academy Club in Romania is one of 70 Academy members in the region, connecting students from key universities to their future technology careers. Since 2015, more than 60 students successfully graduated from the club’s class, which is hosted by Oracle Bucharest. In 2020, the club moved online, with 20 students attending workshops on topics such as operating systems, database, Oracle WebLogic, and Java, as well as soft skills related to careers—all delivered by Oracle Volunteers.
Read the story. 
Oracle Academy’s global impact. 
Watch the video. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
North America Delivering online learning opportunities to keep teachers informed. 
Oracle Academy works with more than half of the top 200 universities in the US and Canada. The program helps educators build their knowledge and skills with a robust schedule of free online professional education courses and webinars. For instance, a live webcast helped Oracle Academy member educators learn how to best teach Primavera P6 project management solutions in a virtual environment.
Read the story. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 27


Latin America Expanding reach through partner agreements. 
From 2018 to 2020, Oracle Academy doubled its reach in Latin America, with more than 3,400 active institutional members in over 20 countries. Oracle Academy works with key partners in the region to provide educator training and student computing education. Through an agreement with the Unit of Higher Secondary Education Industrial Technology and Services (UEMSTIS), Oracle Academy has incorporated more than 450 institutions into its program in Mexico. Centers in the region have access to Oracle Academy curricula, teaching and learning resources, technology, and educator training.
Read the story. 
Asia Pacific New program helps students learn in the cloud. 
For more than 10 years, Oracle Academy has been growing its reach across the Asia Pacific region with more than 5,000 institutions in 24 countries. In the Philippines, Mapúa University, a top engineering and IT school, is using the free Oracle Academy Cloud Program to virtually teach data warehouse, mining, and management courses. Students can create, manage, explore, and practice using their cloud accounts.
Read the story. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 28


Photo gallery. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Academy is committed to helping educators build their skills and networks, serving as a Gold Sponsor of the 2019 Computer Science Teachers Association Annual Conference. Oracle Academy continue to provide scholarships to first-time CSTA conference attendees, supporting 29 of them in 2019.
Around the world, women leaders at Oracle are inspiring the next generation. In February 2020, Oracle Academy supported the Digital Girls event in Sofia, Bulgaria. The event was attended by 30 young women aged 18 to 29, who are interested in technology. Oracle Bulgaria technologists—all women—gave empowering presentations to the attendees.
Taiwan’s leading education expo, EdTech Taiwan, brought together more than 300 exhibitors and 3,500 Taiwan educators and school leaders. Oracle Academy presented a session, “Think Autonomous and Find More Time to Create,” introducing the Oracle Academy Cloud Program.
Oracle Academy offered a session on advancing computing education at the first-ever Oracle Academy Educator Day, hosted by the Higher College of Technology, held in Muscat, Oman in 2019.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 29


Photo gallery (cont’d)
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
In the Dominican Republic, Oracle Academy signed agreements benefiting more than 790 educational institutions—including 3,500 teachers and staff and 50,000 students—with free computing resources. In collaboration with Oracle Volunteers, Oracle Academy hosted Knowledge Builder sessions on AI, data analytics, machine learning, and Oracle Data Visualization Cloud for Nigerian STEM teachers and university students in 2019.
In collaboration with Collegiate Pathways and Oracle Volunteers from ABLE, Oracle Academy hosted workshops for 400 Florida high school girls at Tech Sassy Girlz in 2019. This annual event helps bridge the technology learning gap for minority female high school students.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 30


Awards. 
Oracle won a Silver Cyprus Responsible Business Award ’19 for digital education and skills and employing technology for the common good of the country.
Oracle earned two Bronze awards for our work in education and responsible business practices in Greece from the Hellenic Responsible Business Awards 2019.
Oracle was recognized with a CSR Award by the American Chamber of Commerce for excellence in corporate social responsibility (CSR) for Oracle Academy’s work in Thailand.
The Indonesian Association of Higher Education Informatics and Computers (APTIKOM) awarded Oracle Academy a Certificate of Appreciation for being an outstanding contributor and strategic partner in advancing computing education in the country.
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Design Tech High School Oracle Academy. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 31


Reinventing education. 
The Oracle Education Foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by Oracle and staffed by Oracle employees. Its mission is to help young people develop the technical acumen, creative confidence, empathy, and persistence to become outstanding designers of solutions to people’s needs and the world’s problems.
Visit the Oracle Education Foundation website. 
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 32


Oracle Education Foundation. 
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
The program. 
In the Foundation’s program, Oracle Volunteers coach high school students through classes at the intersection of design thinking and science, technology, engineering, art, and mathematics (STEAM) disciplines. Students learn coding, electrical engineering, and human-centered design from actual practitioners, and then apply their skills and knowledge to prototyping solutions. The Foundation’s program also organizes internships for high school students.
Learn more about the program. 
Watch the video. 
Skillful philanthropy in action. 
Oracle employees who participate in the Foundation’s program—whether coaching classes or managing interns—are true “skillanthropists.” They apply their personal and professional skills to positively impacting students’ lives. The program engages employees from a wide range of disciplines, including software development, user experience research, marketing, and corporate citizenship.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 33


Expanding the program. 
In FY20, the Foundation set out to scale its successful program beyond Design Tech High School to other schools, paying special attention to groups of young people underrepresented in STEAM careers. The program now serves students at Eastside College Prep in East Palo Alto, California and the Ann Richards School for Young Women Leaders in Austin, Texas. Additionally, the Foundation teamed up with Junior Achievement from August to October 2020 to deliver virtual classes for students across Latin America, including Brazil, Mexico, Chile, and Argentina. See the Latin America program in action.
Learning from anywhere. 
Throughout the global pandemic, the Foundation has remained steadfast in its commitment to serving students and their evolving needs. In March 2020, having previously experimented with dispersed learning, the Foundation quickly adapted to delivering classes virtually. It now moves fluidly between delivering in-person and virtual learning opportunities.
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 34


Actionable ideas become functional prototypes Students share their creations. 
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
Haptic Directions—Navigating a new area can be challenging even for the most experienced traveler. Staring at your phone to navigate is a safety hazard that can lead to injuries between pedestrians, bicycles, and vehicles. Haptic Directions is a portable, compact device that gives you turn-by-turn directions through a series of vibrations. This device can benefit travelers, the visually impaired, and most everyone else.
Journey of a Cancer Cell—Cancer is a frightening diagnosis, especially for children who may not fully understand the causes, prognosis, and treatments. Journey of a Cancer Cell is an educational game for children that follows a cancerous cell as it develops and travels through the human body. Throughout the game, information about cancer is presented in child-friendly ways, and mini-games help deepen the player’s understanding of cancer.
Pitchimo—Each year, thousands of baseball players suffer preventable repetitive motion injuries caused by overhand throwing. These injuries can lead to painful surgery, rehabilitation, and loss of playing time. Pitchimo is a smart compression sleeve that alerts players and trainers to potential problems—before an injury occurs. With Pitchimo, muscle sensors monitor fatigue and an inertial measurement unit monitors body mechanics and the force of throws.
Branch—Emergency preparedness is a vital part of running any school. Branch is a seamless Internet of Things (IoT) solution for teachers and faculty to implement emergency response protocols, classroom controls, facilities management, and student information services with the touch of a button, all on a simple dashboard. Branch allows teachers and students to focus their time on learning rather than worrying about potential emergencies.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 35


Actionable ideas become functional prototypes Students share their creations (cont’d)
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
Hard Choices—Homelessness is a major problem in the San Francisco Bay Area, yet misconceptions about the causes and solutions are common. Hard Choices is an educational game that puts the player in the shoes of one of our low-income Bay Area residents. The players develop empathy as they experience a multitude of factors that result in homelessness and housing insecurity.
Redd the Travel Bot—California’s redwoods, the tallest and largest trees on Earth, are home to a myriad of species of plants and animals, and yet their conservation and care remains an issue. It’s challenging to mobilize people to protect this essential ecosystem without first experiencing its beauty and power. Redd is a chatbot, built on Oracle Digital Assistant, designed to help people plan a trip to California’s redwood forests and learn simultaneously.
Auto Flöte Clean—Proper maintenance of musical instruments increases their lifespan and preserves the proper tones. Auto Flöte Clean is an automated flute-cleaning machine that takes a time consuming, boring chore and makes it easy and fun. Comprised of four 3D printed components, it uses Arduino programming and mechanical engineering to detect and clean each part of the flute.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 36


Impact at a glance 402 volunteers 519 volunteering engagements 16,443 volunteer hours donated 983 students 1,779 student engagements 68 classes. 
Video gallery. 
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
All Jacked Up—A student 3D project presented by Oracle Education Foundation. 
In Oracle Education Foundation’s 3D Design + Production class, students developed a lightweight, portable motorcycle lift to help their 79-year-old user fix a flat tire without having to lay down his 250-pound dirt bike and then wrestle it up again.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Education Foundation presents the innovators of tomorrow. 
From an IoT solution that automates emergency preparedness at schools to a chatbot that inspires peoples to help save redwood trees, Design Tech High School students showcase the prototypes they built in Oracle Education Foundation classes at the Oracle OpenWorld conference.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 37


Video gallery (cont’d)
Overview Design Tech High School Oracle Academy Oracle Education Foundation. 
Oracle Education Foundation 3D design + production class for girls. 
In Oracle Education Foundation’s 3D Design + Production class, students learn how to design and produce 3D prototypes using industry-standard tools. 22 girls from Design Tech High School participated in this class, which featured 3D-printing technology company Carbon.
Watch the video. 
Conservation tech with Oracle Education Foundation and National Geographic. 
National Geographic Explorer Shah Selbe joins the Oracle Education Foundation’s data visualization class and introduces Design Tech High School students to conservation technology that enables good stewardship of the salt marsh that’s in their school’s backyard.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Education Foundation wearable tech workshop for girls 22 ninth-grade girls participated in the Oracle Education Foundation’s first wearable technology workshop. Hear what the Design Tech High School students and Oracle Volunteer instructors have to say about the experience.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Games4Good in Latin America. 
The Oracle Education Foundation’s program crossed borders to Latin America to give public high school students the chance to address local issues by using coding and design thinking.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 38


Design Tech High School at Oracle. 
Creativity, adaptability, and innovation are some of the defining qualities of the students of Design Tech High School (d.tech). Oracle has a deep relationship with this pioneering California public charter school—we built a home for them on our campus in 2018. The school’s mission is to develop students who believe that the world can be a better place, and that they can be the ones to help make it happen.
Visit the d.tech website. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Oracle Academy Design Tech High School. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 39


d.tech differentiators. 
Overview Oracle Education Foundation Oracle Academy Design Tech High School. 
Built to adapt. 
Schools around the world shifted to distance learning in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and d.tech was no exception. With design thinking being a core practice, the entire school has been resilient and adaptable in its approach to learning. To enhance the distance learning experience, d.tech created a schedule that allows students to cycle through three courses at a time instead of the usual six, allowing them to focus in more depth on fewer subjects. In addition, staff are being equipped with new technology to produce high-quality virtual learning experiences.
Intersession: the secret sauce. 
The Intersession program is one of the defining d.tech educational experiences. Three times a year, students explore new disciplines and industries through classes offered by local nonprofits, large and small businesses, and individual professionals. Students can choose from a wide range of classes such as exploring insect science with an entomologist from Stanford University; understanding how to build fire-resistant homes with help from local architects; and learning coding, physical computing, and human-centered design skills from the Oracle Education Foundation. Throughout the pandemic, Intersession has continued virtually.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 40


Overview Oracle Education Foundation Oracle Academy Design Tech High School. 
Purposeful design thinking. 
Design thinking is an empathy-based approach to problem-solving that involves iterative prototyping, which is central to d.tech’s curriculum. By using the tools of design thinking across all academic subject areas, d.tech students learn to create the change they want to see in the world. Students are also deeply interested in finding ways to make a difference, and d.tech’s designthinking curriculum was developed to support innovation in areas including global health, the environment, and racial justice.
Oracle Volunteers at d.tech. 
Oracle Volunteers always feel at home at d.tech. Beyond their involvement in Intersession, Oracle Volunteers donate their time and talents to support students year-round. These activities include engaging students in sustainability discussions, helping students develop presentation skills, serving on college and career panels, signing up as Spanish-language conversation partners, and even using their skills to develop a software solution for scheduling the Intersession program.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 41


Philanthropy with efficacy. 
Photo by Enric Sala, National Geographic Pristine Seas. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 42


FY20 at a glance. 
Oracle supports thousands of nonprofit originations globally through cash grants, sponsorships, and employee giving.
US$22 million donated 6,000+ nonprofits supported 50 countries where we support causes. 
Oracle Giving Our focus areas. 
Education. 
We support nonprofit organizations that awaken and deepen students’ interest in science, technology, engineering, art, and mathematics (STEAM), particularly among students from underrepresented communities.
Learn about our education grants. 
Photo courtesy of Museum of Science, Boston. 
Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 43


Environment. 
We support nonprofit organizations that work to ensure a thriving future for the planet by protecting the natural world, saving threatened species, and connecting young people to nature.
Learn about our environment grants. 
Community. 
We support nonprofit organizations that provide vital health and human services, assist families and others in need, and strengthen the infrastructure that supports a healthy society.
Learn about our community grants. 
Photo courtesy of the Greater Boston Food Bank. 
Photo courtesy of Enric Sala, National Geographic Pristine Seas. 
Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 44


Employee giving. 
Oracle supports its employees’ philanthropic efforts by matching their personal charitable donations and boosting relief and recovery donations in times of disaster. Our employee assistance fund also enables employees to help their colleagues in times of need.
Learn more about employee giving. 
Oracle Giving in India. 
We donate millions of dollars in India annually. In FY21, we’ve donated more than US$6.8M to nonprofit organizations providing immediate pandemic-related relief, with particular focus on women, children, and migrant workers.
Learn more about giving in India. 
Oracle NetSuite Social Impact offers nonprofits and social enterprises software donations and pro bono services to accelerate social impact. Learn about Oracle NetSuite Social Impact. 
Photo courtesy of American India Foundation. 
Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 45


Education Causes we support. 
Ensuring educational equity. 
Education is the most empowering force in a young person’s life. Yet many students lack access to the resources and support they need to realize their full potential. We fund several organizations working to change this by emphasizing equity as a core part of their missions. Our grantees include Engineering is Elementary, New Teacher Center, Ravenswood Education Foundation, Redwood City Education Foundation, and the University of Massachusetts.
We also fund programs aimed at closing the achievement gap among underresourced students through after-school and summer programs. These include Aim High and SMASH, which serve hundreds of youth in the San Francisco Bay Area. Our grants to Boys & Girls Clubs in the northern California Bay Area and Austin, Texas help fund academic, social, emotional, and enrichment programming to youth year-round.
“Despite tremendous challenges, Ravenswood students, families, teachers, staff, and community members have rallied together to meet this moment with grace, resilience, and optimism. Oracle’s ongoing support has helped the Foundation to ensure that all our students obtain the best education, whether in person or remote.” —Jenna Wachtel Pronovost, Executive Director, Ravenswood Education Foundation. 
Photo courtesy of Engineering is Elementary. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 46


Closing the gender gap in technology. 
Increasing diversity and creating opportunities for women in technology starts with investing in STEAM disciplines and computer science education for girls. We fund nonprofit organizations dedicated to encouraging and inspiring girls to pursue STEAM studies. Our grantees include Black Girls Code, Girlstart, Techbridge Girls, and the Women’s Technology Empowerment Centre.
Enabling the shift to distance learning. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, many nonprofit organizations stepped up to provide educators and parents with the tools they need to keep young learners engaged through online activities, virtual tutoring, delivery of learning materials and project kits, and more. Our grantees include the Bay Area Discovery Museum, The Exploratorium, New Leaders, Resource Area for Teaching, The Tech Interactive, and Technovation.
Photo courtesy of Girl Scouts of Northern California. 
Photo courtesy of New Leaders. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 47


Igniting a passion for computer science and engineering. 
Oracle funds nonprofit organizations that support future computer scientists and engineers. Since 2010, we’ve funded the continuing development of Alice, BlueJ, Greenfoot, and Stride—free educational programs that teach objectoriented programming to learners of all ages worldwide. We also fund Bridge for Smile, FIRST, Junior Achievement, National Academy of Engineering, and Raspberry Pi Foundation.
Photo courtesy of Raspberry Pi Foundation. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 48


California, United States London, UK California, United States Rajasthan, India. 
California Academy of Sciences. 
Explores, explains, and helps sustain life in the natural world.
The Prince’s Trust. 
Provides young people with the support to fulfill their potential and transform their lives.
Learning for All. 
Provides high quality tutoring, mentoring, and educational support to underserved students.
Educate Girls. 
Leverages community and government resources to ensure that all girls are in school and learning well.
Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more. 
Featured education grants. 
View Oracle’s complete grant portfolio. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 49


Environment Causes we support. 
Inspiring ocean optimism. 
Science is telling us that in order to ensure the viability of our planet, we must commit to protecting 30% of the planet by 2030. Oracle is a longtime supporter of Pristine Seas, a National Geographic initiative that identifies, surveys, protects, and restores the last wild places in the ocean. The team’s work has helped create 22 marine reserves spanning nearly six million square kilometers. This allows biodiversity to flourish and will help protect species from extinction.
We also fund The Marine Mammal Center’s Global Response Initiative, which rescues entangled whales, seals, and sea lions, and The Nature Conservancy’s work to restore kelp forest ecosystems in California.
Watch the video “There is an indelible and undeniable link between nature, human health, and the economic well-being of the world. By protecting the last wild places we can make the world a better, healthier place, and we can do it in our lifetimes.” —Enric Sala, National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence. 
Photo courtesy of National Geographic Society. 
Overview Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 50


Protecting and restoring land. 
Thriving forest ecosystems are critical to maintaining a healthy planet. They protect wildlife habitats, improve waterway health, and build resilience against drought and fire. Oracle supports Save the Redwoods League’s Redwoods Rising program to restore more than 70,000 acres of degraded redwood forest across California.
Local to our offices, we fund organizations such as California State Parks Foundation and Keep Austin Beautiful, which engage volunteers as stewards of the natural world.
Supporting 30 years of gorilla conservation. 
Since 1990, Oracle has supported the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International (Fossey Fund) and its protection of gorillas and their habitats in Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Often called “the lungs of the Earth,” the rainforests gorillas call home are critical to building climate resilience for the planet. By protecting gorillas and their habitat, we also protect ourselves. As the Fossey Fund’s work continues during the COVID-19 pandemic, the organization has implemented new protocols to ensure the health and safety of field staff and gorillas.
Oracle also hosts all of the Fossey Fund’s data—one of the world’s largest collections of data on any wild animal—for free. Data is globally accessible to scientists at no cost. It’s also featured in the Oracle Education Foundation’s data visualization workshops.
Photo by Jonathan Irish, Save the Redwoods League. 
Photo courtesy of Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International. 
Overview Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 51


Connecting youth to the environment. 
We support nonprofit organizations that inspire the next generation of environmental stewards through environmental education and immersive outdoor experiences for students. Our grantees include Children’s Discovery Museum, CuriOdyssey, Foundation for Environmental Education Japan, Junior Achievement Kenya, Marine Science Institute, Mirai no Mori, NatureBridge, and Wildmind.
Achieving a zero-waste future. 
As a global society, we generate two billion tons of waste each year, about a third of which ends up in landfills. Of that, at least eight million tons of unrecycled plastics end up in the ocean. The environmental cost of this is staggering—driving up carbon emissions, exacerbating the global plastic pollution crisis, and negatively impacting marine life and human health.
To turn the tide, we support several organizations working to achieve a zero-waste future. Our grantees include Wecyclers, a social enterprise in Lagos, Nigeria that incentivizes waste recycling in densely populated urban neighborhoods, and the WEEE Centre in Nairobi, Kenya, which promotes public awareness of the environmental and health hazards of e-waste and educates the public about reuse, recycling, and safe disposal. We also support California Coastal Cleanup Day and Eco-Cycle in Boulder, Colorado.
Photo courtesy of NatureBridge. 
Photo courtesy of Wecyclers. 
Overview Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 52


Maasai Mara, Kenya Colorado, United States Tokyo, Japan California, United States. 
Big Cats Initiative. 
Safeguards and restores threatened big cat populations and their critical habitats through on-the-ground research and innovative conservation projects.
Eco-cycle. 
Implements and advocates for local and global zero-waste solutions to foster a more regenerative, equitable, and climate-resilient future.
Foundation for Environmental Education Japan. 
Promotes sustainable development through environmental education.
Wildmind. 
Provides life science and environmental education to school children and professional development workshops for elementary school teachers.
Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more. 
Featured environment grants. 
View Oracle’s complete grant portfolio. 
Overview Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 53


Community Causes we support. 
Delivering emergency essentials. 
Neighborhood and community organizations are the cornerstone of a healthy society, and their services are vital, particularly in times of crisis. Many of our grantees offer safety for vulnerable people by providing shelter, hygiene kits, meals, and other essential resources. These groups include A Precious Child, Boys and Girls Clubs of America, Goonj, LifeMoves, Nashua Soup Kitchen and Shelter, and UNICEF India.
“Over the past five years, Oracle has generously supported our mission through volunteerism as well as meaningful grants that have enabled us to expand our Inspiring Minds program. With Oracle’s support, we’ve been able to successfully shift our focus during the pandemic to provide emergency essentials for families in need.” —Carina Martin, CEO and Founder, A Precious Child. 
Photo courtesy of A Precious Child. 
Overview Environment Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 54


Increasing access to nutritious food. 
For 30 years, Oracle has supported food banks in the places we call home. Their services provide nourishment and food security to those in need, especially in times of emergency or hardship. Our communities are staying strong thanks to organizations including the Alameda County Community Food Bank, Central Texas Food Bank, Greater Boston Food Bank, Second Harvest Food Bank, and Voedselbank Amsterdam.
Advocating for children worldwide. 
Our grantees provide unparalleled care for children around the world, offering safety, protection, empathy, and hope to individuals experiencing abuse, trauma, and life-limiting conditions. These organizations include CRY India, Denver Children’s Home, Florence, George Mark Children’s House, Save the Children India, and United Friends of the Children, among others.
Photo courtesy of Alameda County Community Food Bank. 
Photo courtesy of George Mark Children’s House. 
Overview Environment Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 55


Revolutionizing global healthcare. 
We believe furthering scientific understanding, treatment, and care of major diseases is vital to the health of our global society. Oracle supports healthcare leaders researching, advocating, and providing resources for patients, including JDRF, Narayana Hrudalaya Charitable Trust, Riders for Health, Tourette Association of America, and Women for Cancer Early Detection and Treatment.
Photo courtesy of Riders for Health. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 56


Virginia, United States California, United States New Delhi, India Amsterdam, Netherlands. 
Ashoka. 
Builds, connects, and amplifies a global community of changemakers.
Bay Area Cancer Connections. 
Provides personalized support and services to people affected by breast and ovarian cancer.
CRY India. 
Secures, protects, and honors the rights of India’s children.
Voedselbank Amsterdam. 
Fights poverty, reduces food waste, and feeds families in need in Amsterdam.
Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more. 
Featured community grants. 
View Oracle’s complete grant portfolio. 
Overview Environment Employee Giving Grant Portfolio Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 57


Matching employee donations. 
Oracle supports its employees’ philanthropy by matching their personal charitable donations to causes around the world. We matched more than US$4 million in employee donations in FY20.
Employee Giving Amplifying our employees’ philanthropy “Leveraging Oracle’s matching gifts program goes a long way in extending the impact of your personal donation. By having Oracle match my donation to Louisville Community Foundation, we were able to buy 140 winter jackets, hats, and gloves for children in our community to help ensure every child has access to comfort and warmth. A big thanks to Oracle for helping us touch the lives of those in need.” —Greg Anderson, Group Vice President, North America Applications Solution Engineering, Oracle. 
Photo courtesy of A Precious Child. 
Overview Environment Community Grant Portfolio Education Employee Giving. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 58


Responding to the pandemic. 
During the pandemic, Oracle employees all over the world banded together to support causes in their communities. They donated to local food banks and community centers as well as to global organizations providing emergency relief. Together with the company match, employees donated more than US$1M to COVID-19 relief efforts from March through May 2020.
Disaster relief. 
When a disaster occurs, Oracle matches employee donations to disaster relief dollar for dollar. Oracle and its employees contributed more than US$500K in response to natural disasters in Australia, the Bahamas, Brazil, India, Japan, and the United States.
Photo courtesy of Central Texas Food Bank. 
Overview Environment Community Grant Portfolio Education Employee Giving. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 59


“When my family home burned down, we lost everything. The financial support I received through Oracle Cares helped cover our mortgage while we focused on covering and replacing our basic necessities.” —Oracle Cares hardship grant recipient. 
Employees helping employees. 
Oracle Cares is an employee assistance fund that enables employees to make donations to support fellow employees in times of need. In FY20, the fund provided 37 hardship grants totaling more than US$92K, helping employees recover from natural disasters, loss of a loved one, and serious injury or illness, including COVID-19.
Overview Environment Community Grant Portfolio Education Employee Giving. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 60


The excellent organizations we support. 
When it comes to philanthropy, we don’t wait for the right people to find us. Instead, we actively seek out nonprofit, nonreligious, and nonpolitical organizations that match our philanthropic focus areas, and invite them to submit grant proposals. We are proud to support this portfolio of excellent organizations working to advance education, protect the environment, and strengthen communities around the world. Many of our grantees have stepped up to support vulnerable populations which are disproportionately impacted by the pandemic.
Photo courtesy of New Teacher Center. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 61


US$500,000 and Under. 
EDUCATION. 
Alice. 
COMMUNITY. 
American India Foundation. 
COMMUNITY. 
CINI Child in Need Institute. 
COMMUNITY. 
CRY India. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund International. 
EDUCATION. 
Educate Girls. 
COMMUNITY. 
Coonj. 
EDUCATION. 
Greenfoot, BlueJ, Stride. 
COMMUNITY. 
Magic Bus. 
COMMUNITY. 
Narayana Hrudalaya Charitable Trust. 
COMMUNITY. 
National Geographic Society. 
COMMUNITY. 
People’s Action for National Integration. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 62


US$500,000 and Under (cont’d)
COMMUNITY. 
Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled. 
COMMUNITY. 
Sambhav Foundation. 
COMMUNITY. 
Save the Children India. 
COMMUNITY. 
Sewa International. 
COMMUNITY. 
Swades Foundation. 
COMMUNITY. 
UNICEF. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 63


US$150,000 and Under. 
COMMUNITY. 
American Red Cross. 
EDUCATION. 
Instituto PROA. 
COMMUNITY. 
JDRF Northern California. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
The Marine Mammal Center. 
EDUCATION. 
Raspberry Pi Foundation. 
COMMUNITY. 
Second Harvest Silicon Valley. 
EDUCATION. 
University of Massachusetts Boston. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 64


US$75,000 and Under. 
EDUCATION. 
Elmont-Redwood Shores School District. 
EDUCATION. 
Boys & Girls Clubs of the Peninsula. 
EDUCATION. 
JA Americas. 
EDUCATION. 
Khan Academy. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
NatureBridge. 
EDUCATION. 
The Prince’s Trust. 
COMMUNITY. 
Riders of Health Nigeria. 
EDUCATION. 
San Mateo County Office of Education. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Save the Redwoods League. 
EDUCATION. 
Technovation. 
EDUCATION. 
United Negro College Fund. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Wecyclers. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 65


US$50,000 and Under. 
EDUCATION. 
Akili Data. 
COMMUNITY. 
Alameda County Community Food Bank. 
COMMUNITY. 
Ashoka. 
COMMUNITY. 
Bay Area Cancer Connections. 
EDUCATION. 
California Academy of Sciences. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
California State Parks Foundation. 
COMMUNITY. 
Central Texas Food Bank. 
EDUCATION. 
Computer History Museum. 
COMMUNITY. 
Florence. 
EDUCATION. 
Gerando Falcões. 
EDUCATION. 
Girlstart. 
COMMUNITY. 
The Greater Boston Food Bank. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 66


US$50,000 and Under (cont’d)
COMMUNITY. 
LiveMoves. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Marine Science Institute. 
COMMUNITY. 
The Nature Conservancy. 
EDUCATION. 
New Leaders. 
EDUCATION. 
Pleasanton Partnership in Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
Redwood City Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
Redwood City School District. 
EDUCATION. 
Resource Area for Teaching. 
EDUCATION. 
San Carlos Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
SchoolForce. 
EDUCATION. 
The Tech Interactive. 
EDUCATION. 
Women’s Technology Empowerment Center. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 67


US$25,000 and Under. 
EDUCATION. 
A Precious Child. 
COMMUNITY. 
Aim High. 
COMMUNITY. 
American Indian Science and Engineer Society. 
COMMUNITY. 
Advancing Minorities Interest in Engineering. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Bay Area Discovery Museum. 
EDUCATION. 
BDPA Detroit Chapter. 
COMMUNITY. 
Black Girls Code. 
EDUCATION. 
Boys & Girls Clubs of the Austin Area. 
COMMUNITY. 
Boys and Girls Clubs of Santa Monica. 
COMMUNITY. 
Bridge for Smile. 
COMMUNITY. 
California Coastal Commission. 
COMMUNITY. 
Carlmont Academic Foundation. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 68


US$25,000 and Under (cont’d)
EDUCATION. 
Civic Innovation Lab. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
CuriOsyssey. 
EDUCATION. 
Curriki. 
COMMUNITY. 
Denver Children’s Home. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Eco-Cycle. 
EDUCATION. 
Engineering is Elementary. 
EDUCATION. 
The Exploratorium. 
EDUCATION. 
First. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Foundation for Environmental Education Japan. 
COMMUNITY. 
George Mark Children’s House. 
EDUCATION. 
Girl Scouts of Northern California. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Children’s Discovery Museum of San Jose. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 69


US$25,000 and Under (cont’d)
EDUCATION. 
Girls Inc. of Alameda Country. 
COMMUNITY. 
Good Aging Yells. 
EDUCATION. 
Greene Scholars Program. 
EDUCATION. 
Hispanic Asso. of Colleges and Universities. 
EDUCATION. 
HITEC Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
The Honor Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
JINC. 
EDUCATION. 
Juma Ventures. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Junior Achievement Kenya. 
EDUCATION. 
Junior Achievement of Northern California. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Keep Austin Beautiful. 
EDUCATION. 
Learning for All. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 70


US$25,000 and Under (cont’d)
EDUCATION. 
Latinitas. 
EDUCATION. 
MESA. 
EDUCATION. 
Mid-Peninsula Boys and Girls Club. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Mirai no Mori. 
COMMUNITY. 
Nashua Soup Kitchen & Shelter. 
EDUCATION. 
National Academy of Engineering. 
EDUCATION. 
New Teacher Center. 
EDUCATION. 
Ravenswood Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
Sequoia High School Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
Silicon Valley Education Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
Springboard Foundation. 
EDUCATION. 
SMASH. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 71


US$25,000 and Under (cont’d)
EDUCATION. 
Techbridge Girls. 
COMMUNITY thesecondoopinion. 
EDUCATION. 
Valdés Math. 
COMMUNITY. 
Voedselbank Amsterdam. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Weee Centre. 
ENVIRONMENT. 
Wildmind. 
COMMUNITY. 
Women4Cancer. 
Overview Environment Community Employee Giving Education Grant Portfolio. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Overview Education Giving 72


Doing our part with heart and intention. 
Overview Environment Community Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 73


At a glance: Our impact in FY20 36,019. 
Oracle Volunteers 1,684 projects 132,880 hours 801 organizations supported in 46 countries. 
Volunteering anywhere, to support good causes everywhere. 
All year long, Oracle Volunteers around the world act on their desire to help people and the planet around them by undertaking virtual and in-person projects. They support causes close to their hearts, such as mentoring students in coding, planting trees, keeping parks and beaches litter-free, or reaching out to elders through letters and phone calls.
Watch the video. 
Environment Community Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 74


Celebrating 30 years of Oracle Volunteering. 
For three decades, our passionate employees have been supporting and amplifying the work of thousands of nonprofit organizations and public institutions through volunteering that advances education, protects the environment, and strengthens communities.
Education. 
Get to know how Oracle Volunteers support learning.
Advancing education. 
Environment. 
Discover how Oracle Volunteers help protect the planet.
Protecting the environment. 
Community. 
Learn how Oracle Volunteers help others.
Strengthening communities. 
Environment Community Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 75


Good intentions in action. 
Making a world of difference, from home. 
In response to the pandemic, employees around the world are stepping up to support their neighbors, loved ones, and those in need. They’re making masks and face shields, writing letters to boost elders’ morale, donating to causes and having the donations matched by Oracle Giving, tutoring students, helping nonprofits shift to virtual operations, and much more.
Environment Community Education Overview. 
Building connections. Sharing knowledge. Amplifying impact.
The Corporate Citizenship Communities program unites employees who share a passion for giving back. Bringing them together in locales around the world, these communities are established at the grassroots level and guided by local leaders. Launched in 2019, it’s now 32 communities strong—and growing.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 76


Preparing youth for the future of work. 
Mentoring, career workshops, and mock interviews are just a few ways Oracle employees empower youth to explore new and exciting professional paths. The Oracle Education Foundation’s program is a perfect example of this type of “skillanthropy” in action. It engages Oracle Volunteers in coaching high school students through multiday classes at the intersection of coding, physical computing, and design thinking.
Doing well by doing good. 
Our employees know better than anyone what their communities need. That’s why every full-time employee at Oracle may volunteer up to 40 hours a year during their scheduled work time, and many donate thousands of hours beyond that. Plus, through Oracle Giving, we match our employees’ charitable donations to causes around the world up to US$1,000 per employee per year.
Environment Community Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 77


Focus on Environment. 
Every March to April, our employees, in partnership with environmental organizations, take action for a healthy planet.
Focus on Education. 
From August to September, employees give special attention to supporting students, schools, and education-focused nonprofits.
Focus on Community. 
In November and December, employees share their time and resources to help those in need.
Global initiatives. 
In addition to supporting employee-driven volunteerism year-round, three times each year the Oracle Volunteering program team drives global initiatives that promote our focus areas.
Environment Community Education Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 78


Education Causes we support. 
Supporting the shift to distance learning. 
We believe learning can happen anywhere, and we want to make that possible for students everywhere. To make this a reality, Oracle Volunteers produce televised lessons for students in rural India, provide learning experiences for students in Latin America and Europe, and lead virtual classes and mentoring sessions all over the world. Organizations we support include Going to School, Junior Achievement, and Yayasan Anak Bangsa Bisa.
Watch the video “With the Oracle Volunteering program, I can pursue my career at Oracle and make a difference. Not only do I have opportunities to help students learn English and coding, I also get to collaborate virtually with wonderful volunteers across regions. We can take volunteering activities to another level, helping more people in need in new ways.” —Mohamad Rizal Arryadi, Corporate Citizenship Community Leader, Indonesia. 
Overview Environment Community Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 79


Preparing tomorrow’s workforce. 
Oracle employees know that the world of work is constantly evolving, with new business models, technologies, and workers’ changing expectations. As Oracle Volunteers, they want to help young people thrive in both the present and future of work. They do this by conducting mock interviews with engineering students, hosting resume-writing workshops, participating in career talks, mentoring, and more. Organizations we support include Boys & Girls Clubs of America, Bridge for Smile, Design Tech High School, Foundation for Excellence, Fundación Forge Argentina, Instituto PROA, Learning for All, Magic Bus, Mentor Arabia, and Per Scholas.
Increasing inclusion in STEAM. 
Many Oracle Volunteers give special attention to promoting diversity and inclusion in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEAM) careers. In projects around the world, they seek out opportunities to support girls and other historically underrepresented groups of students. Organizations we work with include Black Girls Code, Boys & Girls Clubs of America, Girls Who Code, Raspberry Pi Foundation, Women’s Technology Empowerment Centre, and many schools.
Overview Environment Community Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 80


Paying it forward through mentorship. 
Recognizing the power of mentorship, Oracle Volunteers dedicate hundreds of hours a year to building relationships and empowering the next generation. They engage with high school students on semester-long STEAM projects, coach teams in global technology competitions, and lead workshops to help students build self-esteem and creative confidence. Organizations we’ve teamed up with include Katariba, Mentor Arabia, Teach for India, Technovation, and Travis Early College High School.
Overview Environment Community Education. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 81


Protecting our oceans. 
By 2050, plastic in the oceans will outweigh the fish, predicts a report from the Ellen MacArthur Foundation in partnership with the World Economic Forum. That is, unless we do something. That’s why Oracle Volunteers around the world head to their beaches, coastlines, and river banks to remove trash. Organizations we team up with include California Coastal Commission, Going to School, Heal the Bay, Keep Collier Beautiful, Pacific Beach Coalition, and the SEGO Initiative.
Environment Causes we support “Whatever your passion is, you can turn it into volunteering. The ocean is a place where I spend a lot of my free time, and I want it to be clean. Even if you pick up just one piece of plastic, you’re helping.” —Kevin Parrington, Oracle Volunteering Project Leader, Japan. 
Overview Community Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 82


Keeping our parks clean. 
From stunning national parks to small neighborhood play areas, open space provides recreation, fun, peace, and a vital connection to nature. In an effort to keep these places beautiful, safe, and accessible, Oracle Volunteers help remove invasive species, plant native species, maintain trails, install new swing sets, and much more. Organizations we support include Culture, Recreation & Economic Services, Fundatia Sinergii pentru Viitor, National Trust, Parque Natural y Nacional de Sierra Nevada, and Pease Park Conservancy.
Greening our planet. 
Trees clean the air we breathe, filter the water we drink, and provide habitat to more than 80% of the world’s terrestrial biodiversity. For these reasons and more, Oracle Volunteers plant and care for trees around the world, including along the shores of Agara Lake in Bengaluru, India, at Lady Bird Lake in Austin, Texas, and in neighborhoods around Durham, North Carolina. Organizations we volunteer with include Keep Austin Beautiful, Keep Durham Beautiful, SayTrees, and The Trail Foundation.
Overview Community Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 83


Promoting sustainable farming. 
Sustainable farms encourage biodiversity, conserve scarce water resources, and build healthy soil through techniques such as composting and planting cover crops. Many sustainable farms also make fresh produce available to those with limited access. From Ilion, Greece to Austin, Texas, from Dania Beach, Florida to Zapopan, Mexico—Oracle Volunteers plant and tend crops and prepare fresh meals with this produce. We volunteer with organizations such as HandsOn Broward, Organization Earth, Urban Roots, and many others.
Overview Community Education Environment. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 84


Community Causes we support. 
Helping communities during the pandemic. 
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, employees are stepping up to support their communities. Oracle Volunteers use 3D printers to create personal protective equipment for healthcare workers, donate groceries and essential goods for people in need, ensure first responders feel appreciated, and more. Organizations we support include Operation Gratitude, Projeto Arrastão, and Robin Hood Army.
“The Oracle Volunteering program has helped me connect to colleagues with a shared passion for local causes. By coming together to volunteer as a team, rather than as individuals, we can do more and have a much bigger impact on our local communities.” —Joy Marshall, Corporate Citizenship Community Leader, UK. 
Overview Environment Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 85


Working to end food insecurity. 
According to the United Nations World Food Programme, 821 million people— or 1 in 9 individuals—experience food insecurity globally. This is a reality that motivates Oracle Volunteers around the world to support local food banks and free meal programs. Volunteers host food drives, sort donations, and distribute food to the community in support of Central Texas Food Bank, Greater Vancouver Food Bank, North Paddington Foodbank, Rise Against Hunger Philippines, Second Harvest Food Bank, and Voedselbank Amsterdam, among others.
Connecting with our elders. 
Ultimately, we all hope to be older people. Oracle Volunteers value and respect elders and connect with them by chatting, writing letters, playing games, and crafting together. During the COVID-19 pandemic—a time of heightened isolation and vulnerability for older people—volunteers continue to connect creatively and safely. We engage with organizations such as AGE of Central Texas, Friends of the Elderly, and Fundación Herrera.
Photo courtesy of Central Texas Food Bank. 
Overview Environment Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 86


Caring for the animal world. 
Around the world, Oracle Volunteers care and advocate for animals. They maintain and repair shelters, assist with feeding and exercising, and help educate the public about animal protection and adoption. Organizations we support include Asociaţia Red Panda, Austin Animal Center, LA Animal Services, Persatuan Haiwan Malaysia, and Robi Animal Protection Association.
Collecting essentials for those in need. 
Every year, employees lead collection drives to ensure that the most vulnerable in our communities have what they need. Volunteers collect and pack gifts for the holidays, fill backpacks with school supplies for students, donate clothing to help job seekers dress for success, and pack essentials for those displaced by natural disasters. We volunteer with Alagang Kapatid Foundation, Books2Africa, Dress for Success, Lucile Packard Foundation for Children’s Health, and Midwest Veterans Closet, among others.
Overview Environment Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 87


Mobilizing for a healthy future. 
Oracle Volunteers are always willing to go the extra mile to build healthier communities. They run marathons, pedal in cycling events, and walk many miles to raise awareness and funds for causes they care deeply about. We team up with A Precious Child, Asociaţia Magicamp, JDRF, The Prince’s Trust, Travis Manion Foundation, and others, to support health, wellness, and opportunity for all.
Overview Environment Education Community. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education Volunteering 88


The planet is a stakeholder. 
Photo by Victoria Reeder, Save the Redwoods League. 
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 89


Message from our Chief Sustainability Officer. 
The year 2020 will undoubtedly go down in history as a watershed moment in our time. As a global community, we’ve faced immense challenges, hardships, and grief. In addition, many inequities that existed prior to the pandemic have been laid bare.
Awareness of our impact on nature is now greater than ever. A tiny virus spilled out of the wild, and through human activity spread rapidly across the globe—changing life as we know it. We continue to see wildfires of unprecedented scale and destructiveness, as well as catastrophic storms that devastate coastal regions with increasing frequency. Our oceans and waterways are being polluted with immense amounts of waste, including discarded plastics, with potentially catastrophic effects on ecosystems and wildlife, all of this made worse by habitat loss and reduction in biodiversity. Attitudes are changing and new solutions are emerging; corporations such as Oracle are increasingly united in addressing these challenges as part of their strategic plans. As we continue our path forward at Oracle, we will embrace this opportunity to build a better future—for people, for the planet, and for businesses.
Throughout this report, you’ll read about the incredible collaboration among our many stakeholders—employees, customers, and partners—to identify and address our most material impacts. You’ll learn about the progress we’re making as presented in our datasheet, and see our new, ambitious goals for 2025. These goals challenge us to do even more to address climate change and create a more circular economy based on the principles of designing out waste and pollution, keeping products and materials in use, and regenerating natural systems. One of these goals includes powering Oracle Cloud with 100% renewable energy. To better understand our financial risks, we have also conducted a risk assessment using the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework.
We are proud of the positive impact we’re making. But there’s still much to be done, and we remain committed to the work of building a more sustainable future. We know that the use of technology will play a critical role in meeting the ambitious United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and Oracle stands ready to help enable our customers to do so.
We hope you find this report both informative and inspiring.
Together, we can make a difference.
Jon Chorley Chief Sustainability Officer. 
Oracle earned a gold medal in the 2020 EcoVadis CSR Assessment, putting us in the top 5% of responding companies for supplier sustainability.
Oracle was named to Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens of 2019 for its outstanding environmental, social, and governance performance.
Oracle was recognized for its outstanding achievements as a winner of the 2019 Manufacturing Leadership Awards in the Sustainability Leadership category.
Awards. 
Recognition of Oracle’s sustainability leadership. 
Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 90


Clean cloud. 
Oracle already operates an energy efficient and circular cloud. As a next step, we’ve set a goal to achieve 100% renewable energy use at all of our nextgeneration Oracle Cloud data centers by 2025.
Learn about operating a clean cloud. 
Operations. 
Sustainability is at the heart of our business operations—from managing our use of natural resources to ensuring responsible supply chain practices and building a more circular economy.
Learn about our sustainable operations. 
Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 91


Customers. 
Oracle recognizes that sustainable business is good business. Oracle is helping our customers make a difference across sectors around the world with gamechanging emerging technologies.
Learn how Oracle solutions advance sustainability. 
Employees. 
At Oracle, sustainability is everyone’s business. We support our employees to help them be good stewards of the planet and build stronger communities, and we recognize those who are leading the charge.
Learn how our employees advance sustainability. 
Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 92


Stay current. 
Key resources. 
Read the Oracle Sustainability Matters blog. 
Catch up with Oracle Sustainability on Twitter. 
Watch the Oracle Sustainability channel on YouTube. 
Environmental policy (PDF) →
Material assessment →
Policies and standards →
Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud Overview. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 93


A more sustainable computing platform in the cloud. 
Whether through Oracle Cloud Infrastructure or Oracle Cloud Applications, Oracle Cloud offers our customers the opportunity to drive business value and reduce their environmental impact. Oracle Cloud data centers deliver a more sustainable computing platform that is efficient, renewable, and aligned with the circular economy.
Learn more about Oracle Cloud Read the Cloud Environmental Datasheet (PDF)
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 94


Efficient. 
Energy efficiency. We leverage state-of-the-art intelligent energy management and cooling technologies based on our industry-leading expertise and best practices.
Elasticity. We provide an elastic computing platform that can grow dynamically with an organization as needed, eliminating excess capacity builds to meet future demand.
High utilization. We operate dense computing environments and attain much higher utilization rates than an organization can achieve with their own on-premises systems.
“With Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, we significantly reduced IT operational costs, cut energy consumption by 20 percent, simplified administration and compliance, and delivered the scalability we need to meet our sustainable growth plans.” —Vlad Moca, Deputy Group IT Director, KMG Rompetrol SRL. 
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 95


Renewable 100% of energy use is renewable at Oracle Cloud Regions in Frankfurt, London, and Amsterdam 100% goal to power Oracle Cloud with renewable energy by 2025 59% of electricity use at Oracle Cloud data centers worldwide was certified as renewable in 2019. 
Oracle works closely with its partners to improve data transparency, drive renewable energy adoption, improve water efficiency, and attain environmental certifications. These considerations are part of our selection process for new vendors, and they also factor in our engagements with current vendors.
We believe it’s important for our sector to collaborate and advocate for the availability of cost-competitive renewable energy. To support these goals, we host the annual Silicon Valley Leadership Group Energy and Sustainability Summit. We also participate in the following initiatives:
See our companywide goals and progress Read the Cloud Environmental Datasheet (PDF)
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 96


Circular cloud. 
Consolidate. Simplify. Optimize.
The transition to the cloud enables us to consolidate our data centers and avoid on-premises deployments at hundreds of thousands of disparate sites. This, in turn, helps us minimize packaging and simplify the logistics for new hardware delivery, spare parts management, and removing end-of-life hardware for reuse or recycling.
Maximize resource utilization.
By having greater visibility and control over the hardware at the end of its useful life, Oracle is able to more effectively repurpose equipment, harvest spare parts, and extract resources, all while strictly adhering to Oracle’s data privacy and security practices. Our ongoing capacity planning also enables us to increase utilization densities.
Design for the environment.
We keep the environment in mind as we design and develop our hardware products. As part of this process, we assess a number of product characteristics including energy efficiency, dematerialization, serviceability, and recyclability.
A key tenet of the circular economy is to decouple physical assets from the services they provide. Individuals or organizations do not necessarily need to physically own computing hardware, they just need to have the ability to compute. This is exactly what the cloud delivers.
Recycling and remanufacturing Cloud data centers Suppliers Hardware customers. 
Retired equipment. 
Racks, assemblies, options, spares. 
Recycled parts and materials. 
Spares. 
New equipment and spares. 
Retired equipment. 
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 97


“With Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, we significantly reduced IT operational costs, cut energy consumption by 20 percent, simplified administration and compliance, and delivered the scalability we need to meet our sustainable growth plans.” —Vlad Moca, Deputy Group IT Director, KMG Rompetrol SRL. 
Key resources. 
Reducing energy in Oracle’s data centers →
Reusing and recycling Oracle hardware →
Oracle Cloud →
Oracle Cloud trust center →
Overview Operations Customers Employees Clean Cloud. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 98


Achieving operational excellence 2025 Sustainability goals. 
All goals are measured against a 2015 baseline, except the goal for employee air travel emissions, which is measured against a 2019 baseline. Energy, emissions, and renewable goals apply to Scope 1 and Scope 2. Renewable energy is measured against total electricity consumption. Water and waste goals are measured for Oracle-owned facilities and data centers.
Supplier engagement 100% of key suppliers have an environmental program in place 80% of key suppliers have emissions reductions targets in place. 
Water and waste 33% reduction in potable water use per square foot 33% reduction in waste to landfill per square foot. 
Emissions and energy 100% renewable energy use for Oracle Cloud 100% renewable energy use for Oracle Real Estate and Facilities 25% reduction in employee air travel emissions. 
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 99


Resource management. 
As a global company with more than 25 million square feet under our operational control, we recognize that how we manage our use of natural resources can have a huge impact. We’re always looking for ways to maximize energy efficiency, reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, and minimize water consumption and waste generation across our operations, including how we run Oracle Cloud.
Highlights 100% renewable energy use at 51 Oracle offices around the world 93,973 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent avoided and millions of dollars saved as a result of emissions reduction initiatives since 2015 20% decrease in total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from 2015 to 2019. 
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 100


Energy. 
Our approach to energy management includes a commitment to maximize efficiency and increase renewable energy use across our facilities. We regularly evaluate our energy procurement options to minimize our carbon footprint. We’ve already met our 2020 goal for 33% renewable energy use for Real Estate and Facilities, and have set a new goal to achieve 100% by 2025. We have also set a new goal to achieve 100% renewable energy use in Oracle Cloud by 2025.
We manage our facilities to the highest industry standards and are proud to have been recognized for our highly efficient, environmentally friendly buildings and operations. Oracle owns 28 buildings globally that have been awarded ENERGY STAR certifications, 27 that received BOMA certifications, and 5 that are LEED-certified.
Learn about our investment in renewables Learn about sustainability in Oracle Cloud. 
Percent of energy use by business function (2019)
Total energy. 
Renewable energy use Total breakdown. 
Oracle Cloud 2019 59% renewable energy use. 
Goal: 100% by 2025. 
Real Estate and Facilities 34% renewable energy use. 
Goal: 100% by 2025. 
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 101


Greenhouse gas emissions. 
Emissions reduction is a key component of our sustainability strategy. Since 2015, we’ve reduced our carbon footprint by 20.5 percent—the result of increased renewable energy use, improved energy and lighting efficiency, onsite solar installations, engagement with our suppliers, and a variety of other emissions reduction initiatives across our operations. This puts us well on track to meet our 2025 goal to achieve a 26% reduction in emissions, which is aligned with the Science-Based Target Initiative’s 2°C scenario. We are also on track to meet the 1.5°C scenario.
In FY20, we added the Oracle Austin Waterfront campus to our list of buildings with 100% renewable electricity use. We now have more than 80 offices globally with electric vehicle charging stations to help meet our employees’ needs.
Learn more about our emissions targets and reduction efforts (PDF) Learn more about the Greenhouse Gas Protocol guidance. 
Percent of emissions by business function (2019)
Emission total. 
Emission intensity Emission breakdown. 
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 102


Water. 
Water conservation is a top priority for Oracle. By leveraging a variety of water-saving strategies across our facilities and data centers—including rainwater harvesting, xeriscape gardening, and condensate reclamation—we’ve reduced our total water use against a 2015 baseline by more than 13.2 percent on an absolute basis, and by 14.3 percent on a per-square-foot intensity basis.
Potable water use total. 
Water intensity 2019: 86.7 liters/square foot 14% since 2015. 
Goal: 33% reduction by 2025. 
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 103


Waste to landfill total. 
Waste intensity 2019: 0.76 liters/square foot 24.8% since 2015. 
Goal: 33% reduction by 2025. 
Waste. 
We continue to raise the bar on waste management. Since 2015, we’ve reduced the total waste generated at our facilities by 20 percent on an absolute basis, and by 25 percent on a per-square-foot intensity basis. This progress can largely be attributed to our robust waste management program, which includes recycling and composting at our offices and raising employee awareness about responsible waste disposal. We’re also actively pursuing ways to eliminate single-use plastics at offices around the world. Our campus in Redwood Shores, California is a zero waste to landfill facility.
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 104


Responsible sourcing. 
Highlights 100% of the standard laptops we purchase are ENERGY STAR and EPEAT certified 100% of Oracle’s technology recyclers are ISO 14001 certified 100% of Oracle’s key direct manufacturers have energy or carbon reduction goals in place. 
Over 2.6 million pounds of retired customer hardware assets were collected for recycling or reuse in FY20 99.6% of electronic waste was reused or recycled in FY20. 
Design We keep the environment in mind as we design and develop our hardware products, giving careful consideration to energy efficiency, product serviceability, recyclability, upgradability, material conservation, and the management of hazardous materials. Oracle’s Design for Environment guidelines have led to continued improvements in energy efficiency, increased use of regrind plastics, and improved packaging that has doubled the number of servers shipped per pallet, resulting in lower emissions and cost savings.
• Position on the Use of Potentially Harmful Substances (PDF) • Index of Oracle’s Policies and Standards. 
Manufacturing We continuously work to eliminate or minimize waste generated in our global manufacturing operations, and to ensure that any such waste is disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner. Oracle’s Environment, Health, and Safety Management System and programs promote a safe, healthy, and environmentally compliant workplace. Planning also plays a critical role in minimizing waste.
• Environment, health, and safety management at Oracle (PDF)
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 105


Responsible sourcing (cont’d)
Highlights. 
Procurement We recognize that our purchasing decisions can have a significant social and environmental impact. Oracle’s Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct requires our suppliers to observe the law and conduct business in an ethical and responsible manner. We also have a robust program to manage our IT assets, including the recovery and recycling of office equipment and phones at the end of their useful life. Oracle’s travel and promotional items portals proactively identify sustainable alternatives for employees to consider. Our catering partners aim to source food locally where feasible.
• Sustainable Procurement Statement (PDF) • Policy Against Trafficking in Persons and Slavery (PDF) • Statement on Conflict Minerals (PDF) • Conflict Minerals Report (PDF) • Statement on Human Rights (PDF)
Logistics We work closely with our logistics partners to minimize shipments, maximize consolidation, and take sustainability into account when selecting among modes of transportation, including lower emissions options such as bio-liquefied natural gas (LNG). By engaging with our logistics partners we’ve reduced logistics-related emissions by more than 40% since 2015. We expect this trend to continue with the shift to cloud computing.
• Oracle Hardware Take Back and Recycling Program. 
Supplier engagement As a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), Oracle manages and monitors our direct hardware supply chain in accordance with the RBA Code of Conduct. In FY20, 15 audits based on the RBA Code of Conduct were completed at direct hardware supplier factory locations. Each year, we engage with our strategic suppliers to report data on their carbon, water, and waste footprints via the RBA platform, a process that helps us evaluate and manage potential risks in our supply chain. Oracle is also an active member of the RBA Environmental Sustainability working group, helping develop strategies and tools to improve environmental impact measurement, drive resource efficiency, and build industry capacity and performance.
Overview Customers Employees Clean Cloud Operations. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 106


We help our customers make a difference. 
Leading businesses recognize that environmental sustainability is good business—and good for business. Whether driven by a desire to protect the environment, reduce costs, meet growing consumer demand for eco-friendly products, or comply with increasing regulation, sustainability can benefit both the environment and the bottom line. Oracle is a key facilitator in helping our customers make a difference, in terms of both the technology solutions they use, and the clean and circular Oracle Cloud platform on which they operate.
Visit the Oracle Sustainability Solutions website Customer success stories. 
Overview Operations Employees Clean Cloud Customers. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 107


Oracle solutions. 
Technologies are enabling insights for intelligent decision-making—including environmental impact considerations—that were thought to be cost-prohibitive and impossible at scale. Oracle solutions help optimize resource management, value-chain execution, environmental analytics and reporting, and many other areas. We know that technology will play a crucial role in achieving the United Nation’s ambitious Sustainable Development Goals by 2030, including rethinking the delivery of goods and services in a more circular economy. The Oracle NetSuite Social Impact program offers nonprofits and social enterprises software donations and pro bono services to accelerate impact.
• Brief: Oracle Solutions Enabling Sustainability (PDF) • Brief: Oracle Helping Its Customers to Make a Difference (PDF)
Watch the video. 
Driving innovation. 
Disruptive technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), big data, and blockchain are driving unprecedented environmental and business innovation by supporting holistic decision-making and groundbreaking research. Oracle for Startups is helping startup communities thrive by using these technologies to deliver new solutions—and, in many cases—to build entirely new business models, such as the sharing economy.
Overview Operations Employees Clean Cloud Customers. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 108


Celebrating success. 
Successful organizations integrate sustainability into core business activities throughout their value chains rather than in isolated departments or processes. Information technology is key to enabling more impactful, far-reaching, and cost-effective results. We take pride in recognizing our customers’ success in using Oracle solutions to deliver positive impacts.
• Oracle Sustainability Innovation Awards • Oracle Sustainability YouTube channel. 
Product stewardship. 
Oracle’s Hardware Take Back and Recycling program helps Oracle customers dispose of retired equipment in a secure, environmentally responsible, and regulatory-compliant manner. By reselling and reusing equipment and harvesting spare parts, we’re able to extend the useful life of existing equipment while also delivering business value for Oracle.
• Oracle Hardware Take Back programs • WEEE Compliance. 
Overview Operations Employees Clean Cloud Customers. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 109


AgroScout + Oracle: fighting hunger with next-gen technology. 
Argent reduces Earth’s carbon footprint with Oracle Cloud BlocPower: Fighting climate change with IoT and data Data-driven d.light empowers lives with Autonomous Database. 
Watch the video (1:39) Watch the video (1:31) Watch the video (1:27) Watch the video (1:36)
AgroScout’s artificial intelligence algorithms help farmers increase yield and put food on people’s plates.
Oracle’s cloud solutions enable Argent Energy to reduce their time to close and move from a supplyled process to a more demanddriven one. This lets them focus on their vision of reducing the world’s carbon footprint.
BlocPower is at the forefront of battling climate change, helping cities keep their commitments to emissions reduction with an IoT-enabled platform that converts entire city blocks into smart buildings.
This solar energy technology provider is improving more than 100 million lives in 70 countries, thanks in part to insights gleaned from Oracle technologies.
Customer stories. 
Overview Operations Employees Clean Cloud Customers. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 110


Kinetica analyzes months of images in hours on Oracle Cloud. 
LiDestri improves forecasts, reduces inventory, and waste retraced ensures sustainability with Oracle Blockchain Toyota transforms community transportation with Oracle Cloud. 
Customer stories (cont’d)
Watch the video (1:38) Watch the video (1:43) Watch the video (1:31) Watch the video (1:58)
Kinetica helped the largest estuary on the West Coast of the US detect trash across San Francisco Bay via drones and machine learning, analyzing tens of thousands of images in hours, versus the months it took previously.
John Matrachisia, CIO of LiDestri Food and Drink, discusses the company’s supply chain and how Oracle was able to help them significantly reduce inventory requirements and decrease food waste through improved forecast accuracy.
In order to build brand loyalty and enable consumers to make conscious choices, retraced uses blockchain to verify the authenticity of and responsible sourcing for Mexico-based CANO handmade huaraches.
Toyota is using Oracle tools to transform the future of sustainable mobility.
Overview Operations Employees Clean Cloud Customers. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 111


Sustainability is everyone’s business. 
Every day, Oracle employees make a difference by building forward-looking technologies that help our customers drive sustainability, by finding eco-friendly ways to run the business, and by supporting environmental causes locally and globally. Based on annual surveys, we know that the overwhelming majority of Oracle employees are passionate about protecting the planet. To this end, we regularly engage and support our employees in sustainability initiatives at work and beyond.
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 112


Oracle Sustainability Champions. 
Each year, Oracle recognizes a group of Sustainability Champions—employees around the world who are setting an example by directly contributing to a more sustainable future.
Sustainability Champions include employees who lead environmental volunteering projects, promote the elimination of single-use plastics, build applications to address environmental needs, raise awareness of alternative commuting options, and coordinate sustainability activities with colleagues in their local offices.
“Everything we do is geared towards sustainability. We’re constantly looking for ways to minimize our waste output and bring down the carbon footprint of our operations.” —Kelsey Cariffe, Oracle Facilities Manager. 
Oracle Sustainability Champion Kelsey Cariffe. 
Kelsey Cariffe, Oracle facilities manager, believes in doing as much as you can to make a positive impact. Everything she does is geared toward sustainability and reducing Oracle’s carbon footprint.
Watch the video. 
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 113


Oracle Sustainability Champion Benjamin Mapes. 
Benjamin Mapes, Oracle compliance engineer, applies his skill sets both at work and through volunteering projects around the world that address basic human needs, such as water and sanitation.
Watch the video. 
Oracle Sustainability Champion Catalina Camp. 
Oracle Facilities Supervisor Catalina Camp is focused on taking care of what we have. From setting up a recycling program at the office to exploring the nearby beaches with her dog, Catalina wants a safe and sustainable environment for all.
Watch the video. 
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 114


Oracle Green Teams. 
Oracle encourages employees who share a passion for the environment to get engaged by forming Green Teams. There are more than 40 Green Teams that drive sustainability efforts in offices globally. They host educational sessions, engage with local real estate and facilities teams to promote recycling and eliminate waste, encourage more sustainable modes of transportation, volunteer with environmental organizations, and more. Throughout the year, Green Teams around the world interact to share ideas and best practices that protect our planet, at work and outside of it.
“Together as a team, we have been dedicated to helping our colleagues reduce, reuse, and recycle, and have fun while doing it. We achieve some impressive results and feel proud to make a difference.” —Roxana Cristea, Oracle Romania Green Team. 
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 115


Advancing environmental causes. 
Oracle Volunteering: Focus on Environment. 
Protecting the environment is a key focus area of Oracle’s Corporate Citizenship programs. Year-round, Oracle Volunteers contribute tens of thousands of hours to environmental causes globally, including during Focus on Environment— Oracle’s annual global volunteering initiative, which spans the months of March and April, coinciding with Earth Week.
Learn about Oracle Volunteering. 
Employee giving. 
Oracle supports its employees’ philanthropy by matching their personal charitable donations up to US$1,000 per employee annually. Additionally, when a disaster occurs—including climate-related natural disasters—Oracle matches employee donations to relief efforts dollar for dollar. Oracle matched US$4 million in employee donations globally in FY20.
Learn about employee giving. 
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 116


Working sustainably everywhere. 
Commuting. Oracle facilities worldwide offer myriad initiatives to reduce the environmental impacts of commuting, including bike-to-work programs, electric vehicle charging stations, bike sharing— including e-bikes—and carpooling programs.
Travel. Oracle has a policy to limit employee travel, which enables us to not only reduce our business expenses, but also reduce our carbon emissions. We now have a goal to achieve a 25% reduction in employee air travel emissions by 2025. We actively engage with airline, hotel, and car rental business partners to minimize our impact on the environment.
Communication tools. Oracle provides employees with tools that enable a seamless remote work experience, which is proving especially valuable during the COVID-19 pandemic. This includes numerous audio and video teleconferencing options.
Overview Operations Customers Clean Cloud Employees. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Health Giving Overview Education Sustainability 117


Resilient together. 
Photo courtesy of Second Harvest of Silicon Valley. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 118


Our response to COVID-19 and beyond. 
Weathering the pandemic has necessitated levels of resilience and collaboration that are unmatched in most of our lifetimes. Though we continue to face disruption and challenges, Oracle and its employees remain steadfast and strong, stepping up to support our communities, colleagues, and customers.
Helping to strengthen public health. 
Recording health information on vaccinations and disease treatments can help save lives. By working together with the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, Oracle is providing three African nations—Ghana, Rwanda, and Sierra Leone— with a modern, cloud-based, electronic health records system to help them manage their large-scale vaccination programs, contain major diseases, and save lives. The ten-year commitment will provide free access to the Oracle Health Management system, which will also support COVID-19 vaccine rollouts.
Learn about our work in Africa. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 119


Supporting our communities. 
The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak has been immense on all fronts—economic, societal, and humanitarian. Through our philanthropy, we’re helping our grantees focus their resources and services where they’re needed most. In India, we donated more than US$6.8 million to nonprofit organizations providing immediate relief and rehabilitation to migrant workers, women, and children.
We continue to support effective nonprofit organizations advancing education, protecting the environment, and strengthening communities in other parts of the world, including in the US, Japan, Kenya, Nigeria, and across Latin America. Many of our grantees have stepped up to support vulnerable populations that are disproportionately impacted by the pandemic.
Learn more about our philanthropy. 
Employees making a difference. 
Whether on Zoom, on the phone, or through offline, self-paced projects, volunteering is evolving and adapting. Through acts of kindness large and small, Oracle Volunteers have found new ways to make a difference in their communities.
Additionally, employees have donated millions of dollars to nonprofit organizations globally in the fight against COVID-19. Together with the company match, employees donated more than US$1 million to support COVID-19 relief efforts from March through May 2020.
See Oracle Volunteers in action. 
Learn more about employee giving. 
Photo courtesy of Samarthanam Trust. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 120


Helping in the fight against COVID-19 with Oracle Cloud. 
Oracle customers, partners, startups, and research collaborators are on the frontlines of the fight against the pandemic. Oracle has joined forces with hospitals, governments, research institutions, essential businesses, and others to meet new challenges.
More than 1,000 employees helped build the Therapeutic Learning System, a technology solution to aid doctors in determining which drugs are effective in treating or preventing infection. The Therapeutic Learning System was deployed on March 30, 2020, and is the result of a unique and significant collaboration with US agencies including the National Institutes of Health, Food and Drug Administration, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and the Department of Health and Human Services.
Oracle for Startups stepped up to help startups during the pandemic and quickly witnessed how startups in turn helped others, from making their solutions free to pursuing COVID-19 treatments. Oracle for Research worked with researchers to predict the spread of the virus and accelerate drug and vaccine discovery, with fast access to high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and technical advising. And across the globe, Oracle employees supported COVID-related projects proposed by their customers and partners.
Throughout the pandemic, data and the tools to understand and use it have been essential to fight the virus, keep businesses and economies open, and connect people. To date, Oracle has donated millions of dollars of Oracle Cloud resources to support COVID-related projects from contact tracing to developing effective vaccines.
Read about Oracle’s commitment during the COVID-19 crisis. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 121


Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more. 
How two universities got back to school during COVID-19 Three levels of government respond to COVID-19 Flinders University uses cloud computing to accelerate vaccine development. 
In the pursuit of COVID-19 treatments, high performance computing steps up. 
Reliable data was critical for the University of Wyoming and Baylor University as they shifted gears quickly when the pandemic hit.
The city of Atlanta, Lucas County in Ohio, and New York State all use cloud technology to help manage the impact of COVID-19.
The Australian institution used cloud-based resources to screen hundreds of thousands of drug compounds to quickly short-list candidates for efficacy against the COVID-19 virus.
Drug researchers use GridMarkets’ high-performance rendering platform to simulate molecular reactions to COVID-19.
Customer and partner stories. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 122


High performance computing speeds-up the drug discovery process. 
NI uses analytics to help ensure employee safety Oklahoma solves telework issues during the COVID-19 crisis. 
Research opened the door to a potential key to stopping COVID-19. 
Researchers at LNBio, the Brazilian Biosciences National Laboratory, are using high performance computing to evaluate whether existing drugs can be repurposed in the fight against COVID-19.
NI’s COVID-19 crisis team is making fact-based decisions about facilities reopenings and employee safety protocols with the insights they’re getting from analytics.
Learn more Learn more Learn more Learn more. 
Oracle teams helped Oklahoma’s newly home-based workers get productive as quickly as possible by designing and deploying a chatbot to help them continue to provide critical constituent services.
Researchers at the University of Bristol’s School of Biochemistry used high performance computing to help them visualize and study the virus at the cellular level.
Customer and partner stories (cont’d)
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Giving Overview Education Health Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report 123


Appendix Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 124


Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards. 
The GRI Content Index provides an overview of Oracle’s corporate citizenship reporting practices, in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option. Asterisks (*) are noted next to all items that are published outside of the Corporate Citizenship Report.
General Disclosures Material Topics. 
General Disclosures. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 102: Organizational Profile 102-1: Name of organization; 102-2: Activities brands, products, and services • Form 10-K* (pp. 3–12) (PDF) 102-3: Location of headquarters; 102-4: Location of operations; 102-5: Ownership and legal form; 102-6: Markets served; 102-7: Scale of organization • Form 10-K* (pg. 31) (PDF) • About Oracle* 102-8: Information on employees and other workers • Workforce section • Form 10-K* (pg. 12) (PDF) 102-9: Supply chain • Operations section • Form 10-K* (pg. 13) (PDF) 102-10: Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain • Oracle Investor Relations* 102-11: Precautionary principle or approach • Operations section • Clean Cloud section • Values and ethics section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 102-12: External initiatives • Sustainability section 102-13: Membership of associations • Sustainability section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 125


General Disclosures (cont’d)
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 102: Strategy 102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker • CEO message 102-15: Key impacts, risks, and opportunities • Form 10-K* (pp. 14–30) (PDF) • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
GRI 102: Ethics and Integrity 102-16: Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior • Values and ethics section 102-17: Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics • Values and ethics section • Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (PDF) • Corporate governance* 102-18: Governance structure • Values and ethics section • Corporate governance* 102-19: Delegating authority 102-20: Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics • Sustainability section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 102-21: Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics • Report details section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 102-22: Composition of the highest governance body and its committees; 10223: Chair of the highest governance body; 102-26: Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy; 102-27: Collective knowledge of highest governance body • Values and ethics section • Corporate governance* 102-29: Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts; 102-30: Effectiveness of risk management processes; 102-31: Review of economic, environmental, and social topics; 102-32: Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting • Report details section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
GRI 102: Stakeholder Engagement 102-40: List of stakeholder groups • Sustainability section • Values and ethics section • Report details section • Workforce section • Education section • Giving section • Volunteering section. 
Oracle works extensively with stakeholder groups based on the areas that are most important to us and the communities where we conduct business. Our key stakeholders include customers, suppliers, employees, partners, investors, industry coalitions, government agencies, and nonprofit organizations.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 126


General Disclosures (cont’d)
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 102: Stakeholder Engagement 102-41: Collective bargaining agreements Confidentiality constraints: Oracle does not publicly disclose this data.
102-42: Identifying and selecting stakeholders; 102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement • Report details section • Oracle Customer Feedback* • Oracle Investor Relations* 102-44: Key topics and concerns raised • Report details section • Form 10-K* (pp. 14–30) (PDF)
GRI 102: Reporting Practice 102-45: Entities included in the consolidated financial statements • Oracle Investor Relations* • Corporate governance* 102-46: Defining report content and topic boundaries • Report details section 102-47: All material aspects identified in the process for defining report content • Report details section 102-48: Restatements of information Information from prior reports has not been restated.
102-49: Changes in reporting There are no significant changes.
102-50: Reporting period; 102-51: Date of most recent report; 102-52: Reporting cycle; 102-53: Contact point for questions regarding the report; 10254: Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards • Report details section 102-55: GRI content index • Report details section 102-56: External assurance Certain portions of the report have been externally verified, including the energy and emissions data reported in the Sustainability section.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 127


Material Topics. 
Upholding the highest standards of ethical business conduct. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Values and ethics section • Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 15–33) (PDF) • Oracle Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) • Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* • Sustainable Procurement Statement* (PDF) • Human Rights Statement* (PDF) 103-2: The management approach and its components • Values and ethics section • Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 15–33) (PDF) 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Values and ethics section • Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 15–33) (PDF)
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 204-1: Proportion of spending on local suppliers • Operations section • Supplier diversity program*
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 205-2: Communication and training on anti-corruption policies and procedures • Values and ethics section • Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 15–33) (PDF) • Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 6–9) • Partner Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pp. 6–9)
GRI 408: Child Labor 408-1: Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor • Human Rights Statement* (PDF) • Oracle Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) • RBA Code of Conduct*
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 128


Upholding the highest standards of ethical business conduct (cont’d)
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 409: Forced or compulsory labor 409-1: Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor • Human Rights Statement* (PDF) • Oracle Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) • Policy Against Trafficking in Persons and Slavery* (PDF) • RBA Code of Conduct* • Conflict Minerals Statement* (PDF)
GRI 412: Human Rights Assessment 412-1: Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments • Operations section • Human Rights Statement* (PDF) • Oracle Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) • RBA Code of Conduct* • Conflict Minerals Statement* (PDF) 412-2: Employee training on human rights policies or procedures • Values and ethics section • Oracle Statement Against Modern Slavery (PDF) • RBA Code of Conduct* 412-3: Significant investment agreements and contracts that include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening • RBA Code of Conduct* Oracle’s hardware suppliers are required to abide by the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct, as well as the Oracle Supplier Code of Conduct. The RBA Code of Conduct is an integral part of Oracle’s supplier contract, and our suppliers are assessed on their compliance with RBA on a quarterly basis.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 129


Safeguarding the privacy and security of the data we manage. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Values and ethics section • Privacy @ Oracle* • Oracle Privacy Policy* • Oracle Cloud Compliance and Security* 103-2: The management approach and its components • Privacy @ Oracle* • Oracle Privacy Policy* • Oracle Cloud Compliance and Security* 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Privacy @ Oracle* • Oracle Privacy Policy* • Oracle Cloud Compliance and Security*
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 418-1: Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data • Privacy @ Oracle* Protecting our customers’ personal information is a top priority for us. Oracle enforces corporate policies and practices designed to protect the personal information in its possession.
Providing a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and safe. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Workforce section • Oracle Careers* • Oracle diversity and inclusion* • Oracle Environmental Health and Safety Management (PDF) 103-2: The management approach and its components • Workforce section • Oracle Careers* • Oracle diversity and inclusion* • Oracle Environmental Health and Safety Management (PDF) 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Workforce section • Oracle Careers* • Oracle diversity and inclusion* • Oracle Environmental Health and Safety Management (PDF)
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 130


Providing a workplace that is diverse, inclusive, and safe (cont’d)
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 403-1: Workers representation in formal joint management—worker health and safety committees • Oracle Environmental Health and Safety Management (PDF) 403-2: Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, and absenteeism, and number of work-related fatalities • Oracle Environmental Health and Safety Management (PDF) • Oracle Corporate Citizenship Datasheet (PDF)
GRI 404: Training and Education 404-1: Average hours of training per year per employee • Workforce section • Oracle Careers*
In addition to tracking formal training hours delivered to employees through Oracle University, Oracle provides a variety of career and skills development programs that are not tracked by hours, but rather by number of resources, modules, or assets accessed by employees.
404-2: Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs • Workforce section • Oracle Careers* 404-3: Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews • Workforce section • Oracle Careers*
While we do not publicly disclose this data, we provide detailed information about our career development programs and offerings in the Workforce section and on the Oracle Careers website.
GRI 405: Diversity and Inclusion 405-1: Diversity of governance bodies and employees • Oracle diversity and inclusion* • Corporate governance* 405-2: Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Confidentiality constraints: Oracle does not publicly disclose this data.
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 406-1: Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Confidentiality constraints: Oracle does not publicly disclose this data.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 131


Engaging employees to help them make a positive impact. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Volunteering section • Volunteering section • Giving section • Education section 103-2: The management approach and its components • Volunteering section • Volunteering section • Giving section • Education section 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Volunteering section • Volunteering section • Giving section • Education section. 
GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1: Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs • Volunteering section • Volunteering section • Giving section • Education section. 
Educating students and advancing technological inclusion globally. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Education section • Giving section 103-2: The management approach and its components • Education section • Giving section 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Education section • Giving section. 
GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1: Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs • Education section • Giving section. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 132


Engaging philanthropically in our communities around the world. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Giving section • Volunteering section • Education section 103-2: The management approach and its components • Giving section • Volunteering section • Education section 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Giving section • Volunteering section • Education section. 
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 203-1: Infrastructure investments and services supported • Giving section • Volunteering section • Oracle NetSuite Social Impact* 203-2: Significant indirect economic impacts • Giving section • Volunteering section • Oracle NetSuite Social Impact*
GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1: Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs • Giving section • Volunteering section • Education section. 
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 133


Leveraging our technology for economic, social, and environmental value creation. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Sustainability section • Giving section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 103-2: The management approach and its components • Sustainability section • Giving section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Sustainability section • Giving section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 203-1: Infrastructure investments and services supported • Sustainability section • Giving section • Oracle Sustainability Solutions* • Oracle NetSuite Social Impact* 203-2: Significant indirect economic impacts • Sustainability section • Giving section • Oracle Sustainability Solutions* • Oracle NetSuite Social Impact*
GRI 413: Local Communities 413-1: Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs • Sustainability section • Giving section • Oracle Sustainability Solutions* • Oracle NetSuite Social Impact*
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 134


Integrating sustainable business thinking including circularity and climate change. 
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 103: Management Approach (Materials, Energy, Water, Emissions, Effluents and Waste, Environmental Compliance) 103-1: Explanation of the material topic and its boundary • Sustainability section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 103-2: The management approach and its components • Sustainability section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 103-3: Evaluation of the management approach • Sustainability section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
GRI 302: Energy 302-1: Energy consumption within the organization • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 302-2: Energy consumption outside of the organization • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 302-3: Energy intensity • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 302-4: Reduction of energy consumption • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 302-5: Reductions in energy requirements of products and services • Customers section • Clean Cloud section. 
GRI 303: Water 303-1: Total water withdrawal by source • Operations section While we do not have access to data on total water withdrawal by source, we do actively manage and report on our total potable water use and have various processes in place to conserve and recycle water.
303-3: Percentage and total volume of water recycled and reused • Operations section While we do not have access to the percentage and total volume of water recycled and reused, we do actively manage and report on our total potable water use and have various processes in place to conserve and recycle water.
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 135


Integrating sustainable business thinking including circularity and climate change (cont’d)
GRI Standard Disclosure Section/URL Omission/Explanation. 
GRI 305: Emissions 305-1: Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 305-2: Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 305-3: Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 305-4: GHG emissions intensity • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) 305-5: Reduction of GHG emissions • Sustainability section • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF)
GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 308-1: New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria • Operations section • CDP Climate Change Response* (PDF) • Sustainable Procurement Statement* (PDF) • Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct* (pg. 14)
Oracle has a supplier qualification program that requires our suppliers to demonstrate socially responsible business practices.
Oracle’s Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct requires suppliers to comply with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. Suppliers are expected to work to reduce their consumption of resources, including raw materials, energy, and water throughout all aspects of the product or service lifecycle.
308-2: Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken • Operations section • Conflict Minerals Report* (PDF)
Oracle Corporate Citizenship Report Volunteering Sustainability Health Giving Overview Education 136


CONNECT WITH US. 
Email us: citizenship_ww@oracle.com. Outside North America, find your local office at oracle.com/contact.
blogs.oracle.com/corporatecitizenship facebook.com/oracle linkedin.com/company/oracle twitter.com/ORCLCitizenship youtube.com/user/Oracle. 
Copyright ® 2021, Oracle and/or its affiliates. This document is provided for information purposes only, and the contents hereof are subject to change without notice. This document is not warranted to be error-free, nor subject to any other warranties or conditions, whether expressed orally or implied in law, including implied warranties and conditions of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We specifically disclaim any liability with respect to this document, and no contractual obligations are formed either directly or indirectly by this document. This document may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, for any purpose, without our prior written permission.
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. 21029