BEST FOR ALL® 2021 Sustainability Report


Sustainability starts with strength. Strength of commitment, strength of communities, strength of ideas. “X” not only represents that strength, it also happens to be our stock ticker.
Building the future of steel


Our Best for All® strategy builds on the success of our transformative Best of Both® effort by extending our impact to a broader range of customers, constituents, and communities — including the planet itself.
In 2021, we took the steps needed to demonstrate the power of our Best of Both strategy. Completing the acquisition of mini mill leader Big River Steel and ramp up of full operations of our Fairfield, Alabama electric arc furnace (EAF), gave U. S. Steel the cutting edge, industry-best mini mill capabilities to match our century of integrated steelmaking leadership.
We proved the value of this powerful combination with verdeXTM steel, made with up to 90% recycled steel content1 and a reduced carbon footprint — as much as 70–80% smaller than traditional integrated steelmaking methods.
We are now executing our Best for All strategy to create profitable and sustainable steel solutions while embracing industry-leading low-carbon process technologies.
Our Best for All vision is a true transformation that goes beyond the steels we make or the manufacturing processes we have used in the past, to deliver what’s best for our people, our customers, our communities and our planet.
At U. S. Steel, we’re excited about the future of steel. And we can’t get there fast enough.
Transforming the future of steel, faster.
1. This includes processed and downstream internally generated scrap as well as post-industrial and post-consumer scrap.
There’s nothing like steel. 
Steel is not only 100% recyclable, it’s the world’s most recycled material and the most effective metal for the circular economy.
There are no real substitutes for the electrical steel that helps high-efficiency electric motors, generators and power transformers deliver renewable energy.
The high strength and flexibility of today’s lightweight, impact-resistant steel makes it ideal for automobile manufacturing.
The steel from five recycled cars can frame a typical home, compared to the 20 trees needed for a wood-framed home.
Advanced High-Strength Steels (AHSS) are much lighter than concrete, so multistory steel buildings are typically 50% lighter than similar concrete-framed buildings, and steel bridges 4–8 times lighter than concrete.
AHSS production leads to fewer CO2 emissions vs. lower density materials — five times less than aluminum and carbon fiber, and seven times less than magnesium.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 3


Table of Contents. 
Empowering People 44. 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 45. 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Story 49. 
Attracting a More Diverse Workforce to the 21st Century Steel Industry 50. 
Health & Safety 51. 
Health and Safety Story 53. 
Applying Big Data for Safety On and Off the Job 54. 
Community Engagement 55. 
Community Engagement Story 58. 
Customizing Community Support 59. 
Protecting The Environment 60. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 61 2021 GHG Intensity 64. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Story 65. 
Working Aggressively Toward a Zero Carbon Strategy 66. 
Environment 68. 
GRI Index 74. 
SASB Index 113. 
Introduction 5. 
About U. S. Steel 5 2021 By The Numbers 6. 
Facilities And Location 7. 
How We Make Steel 8. 
How Steel Touches Your Life Every Day 10. 
CEO Letter 12. 
CSO Letter 14. 
ESG At U. S. Steel 16. 
Sustainability Framework 17. 
About this Report 18. 
Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement 19. 
Ethics & Compliance 21. 
Corporate Governance 26. 
Celebrating Innovation 30. 
Process Innovation 31. 
Product Innovation 34. 
Innovation Story 36. 
Partnering on Products for the Future: Designing the Next Generation Railcar 37. 
U. S. Steel Košice: Sharing Best Practices 39. 
Big River Steel: Acquiring the Ability to Move Toward Best for All® 40. 
Innovation Spotlight: A Pioneer and Inclusive Leader at Big River Steel 42. 
Collaborations & Associations 43. 
INTRODUCTION ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT HOME


U. S. Steel is a global steel producer that combines integrated blast furnace, basic oxygen furnace, and mini mill steel process technologies to produce the steel products that are the building blocks of a sustainable future.
INTRODUCTION About U. S. Steel. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 5. 
INTRODUCTION


INTRODUCTION 2021 by the Numbers2 2. As of 12/31/21 $4.2B Net earnings 0.06 OSHA Days Away From Work Frequency Rate 15,607 Hours volunteered in the U.S.
24 Locations 1,000 Grades of flat rolled steel currently developed, commercialized and ready for manufacture and shipping customers 22.4M 13.2M 3.3M 5.0M 0.9M. 
Net tons of annual raw steel production capacity. 
North American Flat Rolled. 
Mini Mill. 
U. S. Steel Europe. 
Tubular 24,540 15,590 At U. S. Steel in United States 8,950 At USSK in Košice, Slovakia. 
Employees worldwide. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT INTRODUCTION


14 18 5
16 17 13 12 10 6
3 4 7
8 1 9 15 2 11 3. Chrome Deposit locations are near major steel mills and are not all reflected on the map above.
INTRODUCTION Facilities and Locations. 
As of December 31, 2021. 
Map shows global operations locations as well as joint venture locations.3. 
Gary Works. 
Great Lakes Works. 
Mon Valley Works. 
Granite City Works. 
Fairfield Sheet. 
Minntac. 
Keetac. 
Hibbing Taconite. 
USS-UPI, LLC. 
PRO-TEC Coating Company. 
Double G Coatings Company. 
Worthington Specialty Processing. 
Chrome Deposit*
Automotive Center. 
Big River Steel. 
U. S. Steel Košice. 
Corporate Headquarters. 
Research and Technology Center. 
U. S. Steel Tubular Products Innovation. 
USSE Research. 
Flat-Rolled Segment. 
Mini Mill Segment. 
USSE Segment. 
Administrative and Research 1
10 1
18 14 3
3 16 14. 
Fairfield Tubular. 
Lorain Tubular. 
Offshore Operations Houston. 
Lone Star Tubular. 
Wheeling Machine Products. 
Patriot Premium Threading Services. 
Tubular Segment 6
15 16 17 17 12 13 2
11 2 2
4 3 5
7 7
7 8
9 6. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 7. 
INTRODUCTION


See Definition of Terms on next page. 
Iron Ore. 
Coal Coke Plant. 
Pellet Plant. 
Blast Furnace. 
Basic Oxygen Furnace (BOF)
Electric Arc Furnace (EAF)
Secondary Steelmaking. 
Continuous Casting. 
Thick/Thin Slabs. 
Billets/Blooms. 
Limestone. 
Scrap (recycled steel)
Coils. 
Pig Iron/HBI. 
INTRODUCTION How we Make Steel. 
Integrated Mills and Electric Arc Furnaces. 
U. S. Steel uses two primary production processes to make steel: the integrated route relies on blast furnaces (BF) and basic oxygen furnaces (BOF), while the mini mill route uses electric arc furnaces (EAFs). Each route uses different raw materials and energy sources, leading to different levels of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
Our integrated route uses iron ore, coke (a purified form of coal) and some recycled steel. Iron ore is reduced and melted in the blast furnace to form liquid iron, using coke as the reductant and primary source of heat. The liquid iron is either solidified as pig iron or converted to steel, along with steel scrap, in the basic oxygen furnace and modified by alloying and other secondary processes. After continuous casting into slabs, the steel is then hot rolled into coils and then can be further processed into other cold rolled and/or coated sheet products.
Our mini mill route uses an electric arc furnace to melt scrap (recycled) steel and scrap substitutes, including pig iron and hot briquetted iron (HBI). Additives such as alloys are added to achieve desired product characteristics and specifications. The liquid steel is then cast into a coil for further processing into flat-rolled sheet products or cast into a round for further processing into seamless tubular products. Every type of steelmaking has environmental effects, which we work hard to minimize. U. S. Steel is working to develop lower GHG emission steels with all the performance characteristics of existing steel grades. Read more about greener steels in Product Innovation, page 34.
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 8. 
INTRODUCTION


Definition of Terms. 
Blast furnace. 
A vertical shaft furnace used for smelting iron from iron ore.
Coke. 
A purified form of coal consumed in blast furnaces to reduce iron ore pellets or other iron-bearing materials to liquid iron (hot metal).
Integrated steelmaking. 
A process for making steel that uses a blast furnace to produce liquid iron, then converts that liquid iron to liquid steel in a basic oxygen furnace.
Lower GHG emission steel. 
Sometimes referred to as “Green” Steel, is made through process technologies that result in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions below approximately 0.5 tons CO2e per ton of raw steel.4. 
Mini mill. 
A steelmaking plant that uses an electric arc furnace (EAF) to melt steel scrap, and in some cases scrap substitutes, in place of a blast furnace and basic oxygen furnace.
INTRODUCTION How we Make Steel (cont.) 4. Based on our internal estimates.
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 9. 
INTRODUCTION


Steel is the most commonly used metal in the world. When you hear the word “steel,” images of bridges, railroad tracks and the skeletons of skyscrapers may come to mind. While those continue to be important uses for steel, they are only a part of the story. Steel is also essential for many “21st century” applications, including wind turbines, solar panel array frames, and the motors and bodies of electric cars — all of which are enabling a clean energy transition. Steel is also helpful in addressing water scarcity. Corrugated steel tanks are essential to rainwater harvesting systems that help ensure access to clean, safe water for people living in extremely dry, high-water-risk areas.
Similarly, if you assume that steel is made the same way it has been for the past century, you would be mistaken. While U. S. Steel continues to manufacture some steel grades in much the same way it has for decades, our processing today is powered by computers and advanced process modeling. We have also adopted new technologies such as the mini mill, which can produce nearly our full suite of products, and unlocks the true potential of steel’s infinite 100% recyclability. In fact, steel is the world’s most recycled material, with about 630 million tons recycled annually.5 No matter how many times steel is recycled and remelted into a new product, it maintains its inherent material properties, and many steelmaking byproducts are themselves recycled or repurposed into road aggregate materials, chemicals or process heat and energy.
Advanced High-Strength Steels (AHSS), with their optimized blend of high strength and high formability, are used to lightweight and strengthen passenger vehicles, rail cars and heavy trucks and provide safer and lighter passenger compartments (roll cages) for recreational vehicles and heavy machinery.
Non-grain-oriented (NGO) electrical steels used in motors, including motors for electric vehicles, are specialized steels with high alloy content and ultra-low carbon levels that optimize electrical properties (to ensure that they have similar magnetic properties in all directions, for example, as motors rotate). Grain-oriented electrical steels (GOES) have different compositions and processing requirements and are primarily used in electric transformers.
Tin-plated steel is used in cans for food products, which increase the resilience of our food supply chain. Cans are highly effective for sealing and preserving food without refrigeration during shipping and years of storage. After use, they can be recycled and reused repeatedly without any loss of steel performance. The recycling of a single steel can can save energy equivalent to 24 hours of a 10-watt LED light bulb. U. S. Steel is the largest producer of tin-plated steel in the United States.
Dave Burritt, CEO, U. S. Steel “ This is not 20th century steel.”
INTRODUCTION How Steel Touches Your Life Every Day 5. https://worldsteel.org/about-steel/steel-facts/
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 10. 
INTRODUCTION


Energy efficient. The energy used to produce a ton of steel has been reduced by around 60% in the last 50 years.
Steel is “greener.” The processes used for the production of steel have moved from more than 2 tons CO2 per ton of steel produced (integrated) to less than 0.5 tons CO2 per ton of steel produced (mini mill).
In 2021, 1,950 million metric tonnes of crude steel were produced globally6 and this accounted for approximately 8% of global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.7 Steel industry experts recognize that reducing the amount of fossil fuels to produce steel is crucial to combating climate change, and U. S. Steel is actively working on ways to make steel manufacturing better coexist with the environment.
The sustainable qualities of steel have increased dramatically over the past century:8. 
Circular economy resource. Steel is an integral part of the circular economy promoting zero waste, reuse of resources and recycling, thus helping build a sustainable future.
Lighter and stronger. New and better ways of making modern steel are invented every year. Advanced HighStrength Steel (AHSS) is critical to increasing the fuel efficiency of autos and helping to reduce emissions. In 1937, 83,000 tons of steel were needed for the Golden Gate Bridge; today, only half of that amount would be required for the same structure and strength.
Steel is very manufacturing friendly. Components may be cold stamped or hot formed into intricate shapes and structures, and the steel can be joined by many techniques, including welding and brazing, gluing and even lock seaming.
Water friendly. Around 90% of water used in the steel industry is cleaned, cooled and returned to source. Most of the loss is due to evaporation. Water returned to rivers and other sources is often cleaner than when extracted.
INTRODUCTION How Steel Touches Your Life Every Day (cont.)
Helping to design the products of the future. 
Leveraging the safety qualities of our highstrength XG3 steel, U. S. Steel engaged with an automotive manufacturer over three years to design a 4-wheel drive vehicle that was lightweight, fuel efficient and earned five stars for crashworthiness, the highest level possible.
We are now collaborating with other industries to see how we can apply our expertise. For example, we’re partnering with GE Appliances, a Haier company, to reduce our carbon footprint through the use of Advanced High-Strength Steels and closed-loop scrap programs, and Greenbrier to increase the efficiency of railcars. See the story on page 37.
6. https://worldsteel.org/publications/bookshop/ world-steel-in-figures-2022/ 7. https://worldsteel.org/wp-content/uploads/Climate-change-and the-production-of-iron-and-steel-an-industry-view.pdf 8. All facts are from worldsteel.org. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 11. 
INTRODUCTION


INTRODUCTION CEO Letter. 
Dear U. S. Steel Stakeholders,
Imagine a world where a consumer walks into a car dealership and asks, “Does this vehicle use sustainably manufactured steel?” This is a world we not only imagine, but are actively working to make a reality through our Best for All® strategy. Steel continues to play an important role in modern society and provides innovative products to a wide range of industries including automotive, construction, appliances, energy and more. Steel also has a central role to play in creating a more sustainable world, something that has only been reinforced by recent events.
The challenges posed by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and Russia’s unjustified invasion of Ukraine, along with the inflationary pressures resulting from both, reinforce the need for countries to strengthen their economic and national security by having more self-sufficient supply chains. Steel is critical to a healthy manufacturing base, and it is incumbent upon companies like ours to take the necessary steps to remain economic engines that best support their employees, best serve their customers, best enrich their communities, and best reward their stockholders. We believe the key to achieving all of these things is making sustainability central to who we are and what we do.
What you will see in the pages ahead is our Best for All approach to sustainability. We cannot and will not stand still because our S.T.E.E.L. Principles require us to do what’s right for our company and for the many stakeholders who depend on us, including employees, customers, communities, stockholders, and suppliers.
Best for All is making it possible for us to get to our future faster — a future where we are leading our industry in the development of innovative, profitable, and sustainable steel solutions that are best for people and the planet.
Our employees are the heart and soul of our business, and their hard work and commitment to Best for All is enabling our company to be more resilient and flexible. Continuing our century-plus commitment to “Safety First,” the physical and psychological safety of our global workforce remains paramount. In 2021, we set new standards of excellence for safety within our industry. We also made continued progress in our efforts to foster diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplaces grounded in trust and respect that work for all our employees. In addition, we launched our “United by Service” volunteer initiative as a new way to support a variety of organizations, some of which we already partner with, to make the communities where we operate better for all who live there.
We’re investing in highly sustainable and advanced steelmaking technologies that will give us distinct competitive advantages while also reducing our carbon footprint. We’re also collaborating closely with customers to deliver the high-quality, sustainably produced steels they need to meet their goals. This includes investments in new state-of-the-art finishing capabilities, including a new line to produce the steels needed for electric vehicles, and the development of innovative new steel solutions such as our verdeX™ sustainable steel line.
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 12. 
INTRODUCTION


While we have built a strong sustainability foundation, we continue to raise the bar for ourselves. Last year, we announced our ambitious goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We believe we need to take bold action to tackle climate change and we are going to do so, in much the same way we have addressed other challenges for more than 120 years: through hard work, innovation, investment, and transparency.
Our data tells us we’re on the right track in our sustainability journey and we’ve also received independent validation of our progress from respected third parties. Most recently, U. S. Steel became the first North American-based steel company to earn a site certification from ResponsibleSteel™ for our Big River Steel facility, which was also named Daimler’s Global Sustainable Supplier for 2021. We’ve also earned recognition from Ethisphere as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® and achieved a perfect score of 100 by the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index for the third year in a row. I appreciate all that our 24,000 employees do each and every day to make our company worthy of these acknowledgments, but importantly we must always do more, and better.
INTRODUCTION CEO Letter. 
Achieving Best for All® will certainly require the best from all. That’s always the case with something as transformational and critical as helping to save our planet.
We thank you for your interest in our sustainability journey, and we look forward to updating you on our progress.
Best,
David B. Burritt President & Chief Executive Officer. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 13. 
INTRODUCTION


no copy yet. 
Dear U. S. Steel Stakeholders,
Since April 2021, I have had the honor to serve as U. S. Steel’s Chief Strategy & Sustainability Officer. U. S. Steel’s decision to combine the responsibilities of business strategy with oversight of our sustainability reflects the simple belief that what is good for the planet is good for business.
This belief is embodied in our Best for All® strategy to get to a more sustainable future faster. Over the past year, we’ve made significant progress in all aspects of the environmental, social and governance (ESG) pillars upon which our sustainability framework is built, while continuing the transformation of this iconic company to meet tomorrow’s challenges.
This begins with sustainability-related stakeholder engagement, education, and transparency. We’ve welcomed Erika L. Chan, an experienced and wellrespected leader in the space, to lead our day-to-day efforts. We’ve also increased our public reporting, publishing our first-ever Climate Strategy Report and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report, all of which are available on our enhanced website.
As Dave Burritt stressed, we cannot — and will not — stand still because our S.T.E.E.L. Principles require something more from each of us. But we also realize that successfully addressing the climate crisis requires partnerships with employees, customers, governments, communities, academia and non-governmental organizations.
Our employees are both a central focus and our most engaged partners. They are highly involved in efforts to make our workplaces safer as well as more diverse and inclusive. They also continue to show their selflessness by volunteering thousands of hours to make our communities better, safer and more equitable for everyone.
In addition, our employees are enabling us to deliver solid environmental compliance performance, including new records in 2021. They are also driving projects of all sizes that will enable the process changes necessary to reduce our environmental footprint and reach our industry-leading goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. This includes continued construction of our next-generation, highly sustainable, and technologically advanced steelmaking facility in Arkansas.
Steel’s adaptability and recyclability make it the ideal material to build safe, modern, and sustainable societies. That’s why we support the U.S. government’s efforts to make sustainability a priority in much-needed infrastructure investments and ensure American-made steel is prioritized in those projects’ supply chains. We look forward to engaging with current and prospective customers to help them address their most difficult challenges with steel solutions.
Building these kinds of highly collaborative partnerships with our customers is also critical to our strategy. Every day, we’re working with our customers to understand how we can help them achieve their sustainability goals. Those interactions are leading to the development of. 
INTRODUCTION CSO Letter. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 14. 
INTRODUCTION


no copy yet innovative steel solutions as well as investments in both new and existing facilities, all of which serve to differentiate us from our competitors.
While we are investing significant resources to achieve our sustainability goals, we know we cannot do it all alone. That’s why we continue to engage with like-minded organizations whose expertise makes us better. That includes organizations such as the World Steel Association, National Safety Council, and CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion, as well as high-profile organizations in our community such as the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pittsburgh Penguins, who share our passion for education. We’ve also joined a regional alliance exploring technologies to make hydrogen production and carbon capture and sequestration more practical for carbon-intensive manufacturers, and we continue to engage in a variety of university, national laboratory and other partnerships working to develop the next generation of steelmaking technology. Lastly, we’re building on our relationship with ResponsibleSteel™ by actively engaging in the development of their product certification standards.
As you’ve read here and will see in the pages ahead, we are far from standing still. Inspired by a 120-year legacy of innovation, perseverance and progress, today’s U. S. Steel embraces the future with purpose and confidence. We truly believe our best days lie ahead thanks to Best for All®, and we welcome our stakeholders’ ideas on how we can continue to improve as we live our S.T.E.E.L. Principles each and every day.
Thank you,
Rich. 
Richard L. Fruehauf Chief Strategy & Sustainability Officer. 
INTRODUCTION CSO Letter. 
HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 15. 
INTRODUCTION


ESG at U. S. Steel. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT ESG AT U. S. STEEL


Our Best for All® strategy is rooted in producing solutions that benefit all our stakeholders, including our communities and planet. Our future investments are focused on low carbon emissions production and products that support the electrification of the world. And we continue working together with our customers to innovate new solutions for the future.
U. S. Steel Corporate Framework. 
Celebrate Innovation. 
U. S. Steel innovation enables the development of profitable, sustainable solutions for customers and drives positive outcomes for all stakeholders. This pillar includes material efficiency, energy management, and process and product innovation.
Empower People. 
U. S. Steel maximizes the potential of the people we impact, both internal and external to the organization, through employee benefits and development, and community outreach. This pillar includes community engagement, corporate governance, diversity, equity and inclusion, health and safety, relationships with unions, and talent management.
Environmental Stewardship. 
U. S. Steel strives to minimize our environmental footprint through implementation of our greenhouse gas (GHG) intensity reduction goal, air quality goal and adherence to environmental standards. It requires us to engage with our stakeholders throughout the year and report on our performance to relevant groups across our organization.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Sustainability Framework. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 17. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
U. S. Steel’s 2021 Sustainability Report covers our progress against our sustainability goals. It is the primary source of annual disclosure on our environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance and should be viewed in conjunction with disclosures on our ESG Data Hub. Data in this report covers the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 unless otherwise indicated.
Reporting on other matters specific to the performance of U. S. Steel and its subsidiaries can be found in our 2021 Annual Report 10-K and in our 2022 Proxy. U. S. Steel does not incorporate into this document the contents of any website or the documents referred to in this document.
Additional information on climate risks and opportunities can be found in our 2021 TCFD Report and our Climate Strategy Report.
This report covers U. S. Steel’s global operations, defined as facilities or businesses in which U. S. Steel exercises operational control. We do not include details concerning joint ventures within this report.
This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards core option. We have also provided responses to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards. Please see our GRI and SASB Indices starting on page 74.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL About This Report. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 18. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement. 
In 2022, U. S. Steel engaged with an independent third party to update the materiality assessment that was conducted in 2019 to be more comprehensive and include input from external stakeholders.
We identified an initial universe of material ESG topics by conducting research on current and emerging sustainability trends, and benchmarked material topics and ESG performance of peer steelmakers and sustainability leaders.
In addition, we engaged a broad group of internal and external stakeholders to assess and prioritize these topics. We conducted interviews and surveys with 16 executives across U. S. Steel business lines and over 15 external stakeholders representing investors, customers, suppliers, lenders and non-governmental organizations. The stakeholders rated the importance of ESG topics to themselves and to other stakeholders, as well as to U. S. Steel’s corporate goals and strategy. In addition, stakeholders commented on the ESG topics they expect to grow in importance in the short and medium term (bolded on the matrix).
We then plotted the key ESG risks and opportunities relative to their impact on U. S. Steel and our stakeholders.
U. S. Steel’s Sustainability Team validated the results, which are mapped in the materiality matrix above.
Our assessment identified 16 significant ESG topics to U. S. Steel, of which the following nine were considered of highest importance (here in alphabetical order):
Air quality. 
Customer engagement. 
Diversity, equity and inclusion. 
Energy conservation. 
GHG emissions. 
Innovation. 
Safety and health. 
Talent management. 
Water quality and conservation. 
Environmental topic. 
Social topic. 
Governance topic. 
Bolded topic indicates internal stakeholders’ expectation of change in importance over time. 
Human rights. 
Corporate governance. 
Water quality and conservation. 
Community engagement. 
Impact on Corporate Goals and Strategy. 
Impact on Stakeholders. 
Biodiversity. 
Waste management. 
Energy conservation. 
Safety and health. 
Responsible supply chain. 
Diversity, equity and inclusion GHG emissions. 
Government relations. 
Talent management. 
Innovation. 
Air quality Customer engagement. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 19. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


During the stakeholder engagement process, we identified two recurring and emerging themes which encompass many of the 16 ESG material topics:
Just transition – ensuring that the transition to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions for the steel industry is just and equitable for stakeholders that are directly affected.
Decarbonization – reducing greenhouse gas emissions through product and process innovation, responsible supply chain initiatives, energy conservation efforts and other activities.
As we transition to a lower carbon footprint we are committed to continued engagement with community stakeholders, so we can be responsive to local community interests that facilitate a just transition of historical U. S. Steel group properties that further enable community development goals. This process includes working with local governments and developers to expedite the transition of properties to third parties that create future jobs and economic benefit to the impacted communities. In an Ohio township, for example, we waived a mortgage on a financed U. S. Steel property to allow the city to transition that historical U. S. Steel property to a new investor that will create future jobs and a higher future taxable income base that will support environmental or socioeconomic community objectives. As another example, in an Illinois city, we allowed a berm to be built on to a U. S. Steel property at no cost to help the city reduce its flood insurance costs.
As we move forward on our decarbonization journey, we anticipate cultivating employment opportunities through new technology development in partnership with like-minded companies, institutions, academia, and non-profit organizations. To the extent our operating portfolio changes as a result of our transition to a lower carbon footprint, we have programs in place to provide retraining/upskilling training and interplant job opportunity placement. Later in this report, we highlight some of the ways we are progressing on our decarbonization journey.
U. S. Steel will continue to engage with a variety of internal and external stakeholders to understand evolving perspectives around ESG topic materiality, and risks and opportunities across our value chain. The insights gathered from this materiality refresh will inform U. S. Steel’s Best for All® strategy and enterprise risk management mitigation strategies going forward.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 20. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
Board of Directors. 
Audit Committee. 
President and CEO. 
General Counsel and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer. 
Deputy General Counsel – Regulatory & Compliance and Deputy Chief Compliance Officer. 
Since its founding, U. S. Steel has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to doing business ethically, with integrity, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In the early 1900s, our co-founder and first chairman Judge Elbert Gary developed what is widely considered to be the first ever corporate code of ethics, known as the Gary Principles. The values set forth in those nine simple statements emphasizing integrity, fairness, and accountability underlie the S.T.E.E.L. Principles that we use today to state our long-held core values in a meaningful and memorable way:
Safety First. 
Trust and Respect. 
Environmental Stewardship. 
Excellence and Accountability. 
Lawful and Ethical Conduct. 
By conveying our values in this actionable manner, the S.T.E.E.L. Principles effectively help our employees keep ethics and compliance top of mind in day-to-day business activities. We have also implemented a comprehensive ethics and compliance program with support from the Board of Directors and senior management to further ingrain our commitment to lawful and ethical business conduct throughout the company. The program is administered by the General Counsel and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, with oversight and guidance from the Audit Committee.
Our ethics and compliance program is designed and implemented to focus on the particular compliance risks that we face. Importantly, U. S. Steel operates exclusively in countries with relatively strong political rights and civil liberties ratings per the 2021 Freedom in the World report published by the non-governmental research institute. 
Freedom House. We do not have mining operations or mineral reserves — whether proved or probable — in or near areas of active state-based conflict, per the Uppsala Conflict Data Program. Likewise, our mining operations in Minnesota are located on ceded territory away from any reservations, and our proved and probable mining reserves in the United States are not located in or near land occupied by those who self-identify as indigenous.
In light of this footprint, human rights, indigenous rights, and operation in conflict areas are not significant risks for U. S. Steel. Of course, we continuously adapt and enhance our program as our footprint and operations change over time to ensure that all risk areas remain appropriately addressed.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Ethics & Compliance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 21. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Ethics & Compliance (cont.)
Employee Training and Communication. 
To help ensure that employees understand the company’s expectations and all applicable rules, U. S. Steel provides ethics and compliance training to its employees, with all employees completing compliance training courses when they first join the company and additional training courses that are applicable to their jobs each year. Among the topics covered in these courses are our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, anti-corruption management system, antitrust compliance, and prevention of discrimination and harassment.
Regular communications with information about key compliance topics, messages from senior management underscoring the importance of doing business with integrity, and summaries of current events that demonstrate the need to do business lawfully provide regular reminders about the company’s expectations. In addition, through our annual policy certification process, employees certify their ongoing compliance with the Code, our Anti-Corruption and Antitrust Compliance policies, and several other key compliance policies each year in writing. All of these efforts help strengthen our culture of compliance and embed the S.T.E.E.L. Principles across our operations.
The U. S. Steel Ethics and Safety Line. 
In order to further foster a strong ethical culture characterized by transparency, responsibility, and accountability, U. S. Steel encourages all employees to seek guidance, raise concerns, and report suspected wrongdoing without fear of retaliation. Employees may do so by contacting their manager, a Human Resources representative, any member of the Legal Department, or another appropriate company resource. Concerns can also be raised anonymously through the U. S. Steel Ethics and Safety Line, which is managed by an outside service provider and available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Importantly, contact information for the Ethics and Safety Line is through our website, so external stakeholders, including members of the public, can also use it to raise any concerns related to our business.
In 2021, 100% of global employees received Code of Ethical Business Conduct training.
U. S. Steel strictly prohibits retaliation — including termination, demotion, discipline, or harassment — against anyone who raises a concern in good faith and will take appropriate action against anyone found to have engaged in such retaliation. We have adopted Investigation Protocols to ensure that all reports alleging misconduct are reviewed, processed, escalated if needed, and investigated thoroughly. The Protocols cover every step of the investigation process in great detail, from receiving and assigning each report to conducting and documenting an appropriate investigation. Notably, a cross-functional committee reviews the results of all investigations, including any remedial actions, before they are closed to further ensure that each report is handled appropriately.
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 22. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Ethics & Compliance (cont.)
In order to promote transparency and the efficacy of the Ethics and Safety Line, the number and types of reports alleging misconduct received, the types of actions taken in response to substantiated allegations, and anonymized summaries of select cases are provided to employees regularly. The Audit Committee receives additional data about new reports and closed cases quarterly, as well as summaries of significant allegations and investigations, to help facilitate its oversight of the ethics and compliance program.
Report Intake Review and Assignment Investigation Case Closure Reporting Out. 
Legal Department reviews report, acknowledges receipt, and assigns it to appropriate investigator. 
Significant issues escalated to Audit Committee; regular updates provided, as necessary. 
Investigators include trained personnel in Human Resources/ Labor Relations, Safety & Security, Internal Audit, and Legal. 
Investigator conducts appropriate investigation and prepares written report documenting findings and any remedial measures. 
Investigation may include document review, interviews, and other relevant steps. 
Confidentiality maintained to the extent possible. 
Cross-functional Case Closure Committee reviews investigation process, findings, and conclusions. 
Committee consists of Legal, Human Resources, Safety & Security, Internal Controls, and Internal Audit. 
Investigation closed only if there is consensus by Case Closure Committee. 
Reporter advised that investigation is complete and that appropriate action has been taken, if applicable. 
Reporter contacts Ethics and Safety Line (phone/online) or raises concern to an internal resource that enters report into case management system. 
Immediate safety issues and threats escalated to Safety & Security. 
Internal Audit has access to all reports. 
Employees receive overview of Ethics and Safety Line activity and sample cases. 
Audit Committee receives detailed quarterly reports:
Updates regarding significant reports and investigations. 
Data and trends re: new reports (by location, issue, anonymity of reporter)
Data and trends re: closed cases (remedial actions, substantiation rates)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 23. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
In 2021, we received the Best Compliance and Ethics Program (small- to mid-cap) award at Corporate Secretary’s annual Corporate Governance Awards. It recognized our coordination of governance, compliance, ethics and risk management processes across the entire corporation, and integration of good governance principles through a truly non-siloed approach. We also were recognized by Ethisphere as one of the 2022 World’s Most Ethical Companies.®9 9. “World’s Most Ethical Companies” and “Ethisphere” names and marks are registered trademarks of Ethisphere LLC.
Ethics and Compliance Resources:
The U. S. Steel Code of Ethical Business Conduct. 
Corporate Policies and Procedures. 
Human Rights and Indigenous Rights Policy. 
Sexual and Discriminatory Harassment Rights Policy. 
Gifts and Entertainment Policy. 
Anti-Corruption Policy. 
Conflicts of Interest Policy. 
Safety and Industrial Hygiene Policy. 
Climate Change Policy. 
Environmental Management Policy. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy. 
Political Contributions Policy. 
Sustainable Procurement Policy. 
Supplier Code of Conduct. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Ethics & Compliance (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 24. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Beyond our employees, we expect our business partners to share our values and act in accordance with the S.T.E.E.L. Principles. Our standard contractual terms and conditions, Supplier Code of Conduct, and AntiCorruption Guidelines for Third Parties detail our expectations.
The Supplier Code of Conduct, which is published on our website and distributed to suppliers, establishes our minimum requirements for ethical and lawful business practices, human rights and working conditions, and environmental stewardship throughout the supply chain. Suppliers are required to cascade our standards to others that support U. S. Steel’s business, such as subcontractors and sub-suppliers, and implement an appropriate ethics and compliance program.
Suppliers are required to maintain documentation demonstrating their compliance with our standards, provide such documentation to us upon request, and honor our requests to formally audit them, which we have done in the past. Suppliers must also promptly inform U. S. Steel of any violations or suspected violations of the Supplier Code of Conduct and may anonymously raise ethics and compliance concerns related to U. S. Steel through the U. S. Steel Ethics and Safety Line, as noted above. A supplier’s failure to comply with our standards or promptly take appropriate corrective actions to remediate violations may jeopardize its relationship with U. S. Steel.
In addition to communicating our expectations, we actively vet and monitor our business partners to identify and address any issues. We screen them against lists of sanctioned and denied parties and conduct additional reviews of higher-risk counterparties to identify, among other things, any past misconduct or other compliancerelated risks, such as alleged corruption or human rights abuses.
We also regularly ask our supply chain partners for country-of-origin information to verify that certain goods are not sourced from sanctioned parties and that any conflict minerals used in our products are not sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo or its adjoining countries. Our efforts to prevent slavery and human trafficking in our supply chain are detailed in the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Disclosures posted on our website. All of these steps help ensure that our business partners act in accordance with our values and the laws that apply to our business.
U. S. Steel maintains a comprehensive ethics and compliance program, while recognizing the importance of continuous improvement. To that end, we regularly benchmark our program against leading compliance practices and conduct other assessments, such as employee surveys, to identify ways to continue strengthening our culture and further enhance our ethics and compliance program.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Ethics & Compliance (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 25. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Corporate Governance. 
When Judge Gary, responsible for our first code of ethics, initially made that argument in the formative years of the company, it hit big business like a bombshell. In those days, revealing the inner workings of a corporation to public scrutiny was far from common practice. For our company, transparency and sound corporate governance are foundational to everything we do.
We believe that fundamentally good corporate governance promotes the long-term interests of not just stockholders, but all of our stakeholders — stockholders, customers, employees and society. It promotes the longterm interests of stakeholders, strengthens Board and management accountability, and helps build public trust in the Corporation. Our corporate governance program is described in detail in our proxy statement, available on our website. Key governance highlights include:
Annual election of Directors 9 of our 10 Directors are independent, including the Board Chair. 
Independent Audit, Compensation & Organization, and Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committees. 
Regular executive sessions of independent Directors. 
Robust risk oversight of strategic objectives, risk management and sustainability by full Board and committees. 
Annual Board and committee self evaluations. 
Executive compensation driven by pay-for-performance philosophy. 
Active Board refreshment approach to ensure Board composition aligns with corporate strategy. 
Proxy access right in line with market standards. 
Stock ownership and holding guidelines for Directors and executives. 
A robust Code of Ethical Business Conduct that is based on the Corporation’s S.T.E.E.L. Principles. 
Annual stockholder engagement. 
Best-in-class compliance commitment. 
Regular review of CEO and senior management succession planning. 
Ability of our Board and its committees, at their sole discretion, to hire independent advisors, including counsel, at the Corporation’s expense “ People who have a stake in a company’s success should know what the company is doing, especially shareholders since the company is using their money.”
Judge Elbert H. Gary, the first President and Chairman of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of U. S. Steel. 
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 26. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
A strong governance program is essential to the oversight of sustainability. The Board of Directors delegates oversight of various aspects of our sustainability program to each of its three standing committees: Corporate Governance & Sustainability, Audit, and Compensation & Organization. Each committee meets at least quarterly and is comprised of entirely independent directors.
We have a formal sustainability steering team that meets monthly, an Executive Environmental and Sustainability Committee composed of all of our C-suite executives, including our CEO, and a formal Board of Directors Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee that meets quarterly, at which time our progress on both sustainability and climate-related goals are presented and reviewed.
Our Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer chairs the Sustainability Steering Committee, which is composed of key members from departments across the organization. The Committee meets on a monthly basis and drives the sustainability strategy throughout the company, taking a strategic view of the issues and reporting to the CEO and Executive Committee. The committee is responsible for setting and communicating sustainability metrics, goals, and performance in addition to coordinating internal and external sustainability-related communications such as the annual Sustainability Report, our Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report and our Climate Strategy Report.
The Board of Directors as a whole retains direct oversight for our safety and environmental programs, as two of our core values. Both safety and environmental performance are reported to the Board on a regular basis.
Board of Directors. 
Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee. 
CEO and Executive Environmental Committee. 
Corporate Sustainability Governance Implementation Corporate Implementation Local. 
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer. 
Material Topic Owners. 
Plant Coordination. 
Sustainability Steering Committee (SSC)
Sustainability Team. 
Sustainability. 
Strategy. 
Finance/Risk. 
Operations. 
Environmental Affairs. 
Procurement. 
Corporate Governance. 
Commercial. 
Government Affairs. 
Human Resources. 
Public Affairs. 
USSK. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Corporate Governance (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 27. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
The Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee:
Retains oversight of the Sustainability program generally and the risks associated with achieving certain sustainability-related measures;
Considers risks associated with legislative, regulatory and public policy issues affecting the company’s operations;
Maintains corporate governance guidelines and procedures designed to ensure compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, governance standards and the S.T.E.E.L. Principles;
Reviews sustainability as a standing agenda item, including reports and discussions on sustainability strategic priorities, implementation of the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity reduction target, and the use of reporting and disclosure frameworks; and. 
Makes recommendations to the Board and monitors compliance with the company’s programs and practices regarding government relations and political contributions, and corporate philanthropy.
The Audit Committee:
Oversees U. S. Steel’s enterprise risk management program and reporting compliance;
Receives reports from our Chief Risk Officer on how enterprise risk is being addressed, mitigated and managed across the company, including sustainability considerations that influence market, operational, reputational, and political risks within the ERM program; and. 
Ensures that our risk management processes are functioning properly and effectively.
The Compensation & Organization Committee:
Oversees executive compensation and performancebased components and various human capital management issues; and. 
Ensures annual incentive programs promote achievement of strategic objectives that are essential to attaining strong environmental and social performance.
We disclose material risk factors in our Annual Report (Form 10-K) and update them in subsequent quarterly filings (Form 10-Q) as appropriate. We map ERM key risks to identify risk factors and ensure alignment.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Corporate Governance (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 28. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


ESG AT U. S. STEEL. 
Risk Survey. 
Each year, U. S. Steel conducts a risk survey for managers to weigh in on the perceived impact, likelihood, and velocity of key risks. Survey results form the basis for our annual risk prioritization. In 2021, 89 managers across the organization ranked critical risks.
We are currently tracking 19 critical risks, divided into two tiers. Safety and environmental risks are always in the top tier, given their overriding significance to our business. Owners are assigned to all risks to ensure accountability, and they prepare action plans for all top-tier risks.
Climate Risk. 
In 2021, we conducted two workshops to identify potential climate-related risks and opportunities using the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. We identified which physical and transitional risks were most likely to impact U. S. Steel and incorporated these risks into our existing ERM key risks. This exercise confirmed that our current risk management process was functioning effectively.
See our 2021 TCFD Report to learn more about how U. S. Steel assesses climate risk and opportunities and integrates them into our strategy, governance, and risk management processes.
Political Advocacy. 
Our Political Contributions policy mandates compliance with applicable campaign finance and lobbying laws and transparency regarding our political spending in the United States. This includes public disclosure of political contributions and certain other expenditures on our website each year, since 2015.
Board Composition and Diversity. 
The Board seeks candidates with experience and abilities relevant to serving as a Director of the corporation and who will represent the best interests of stockholders as a whole, and not any specific interest group or constituency. The Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee, in making nomination recommendations to the Board, evaluates the qualifications of each Director candidate in accordance with the criteria described in the Director qualification standards section of our Corporate Governance Principles, which include a high level of integrity, and sound business judgment, as well as diversity. The Board values inclusion and diversity, and emphasizes diversity in Board recruiting efforts. As of June 1, 2022, 29% of our Directors were diverse in terms of gender or ethnicity.
ESG AT U. S. STEEL Corporate Governance (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 29. 
ESG AT U. S. STEEL


Celebrating Innovation. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT INNOVATION


CELEBRATING INNOVATION Process Innovation. 
Collaborating with customers toward shared success. 
In recent years, U. S. Steel has collaborated with several customers to solve specific problems during the design process to ensure better end results. What began as intermittent customer requests has evolved into ongoing collaborations, customized solutions and more differentiated products.
These collaborations have been extraordinarily successful, in large part because of the high level of trust we’ve built with our customers over time through our strong business relationships. There’s a mutual respect for each other’s knowledge and expertise, a comprehensive understanding of each other’s businesses, and confidence that each party will fulfill its commitments.
As a company, U. S. Steel has continuously strived to improve all aspects of our business, including optimizing how we produce steel, and this is taking us in exciting new directions. We believe that long-term success depends on our ability to adapt to the changing needs of our customers and the environment.
These engagements start with understanding our customers’ business needs, engineering requirements and obstacles. Then we identify a solution, which could be creating a specialized product or modifying an existing one to fit their needs. Solutions have included using less steel, decreasing transportation and production costs, and production with reduced greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
The more our customers learn about the properties of steel and the ways it can be used, the more they are turning to differentiated steel products as a solution earlier in the design process and pushing the boundaries of its use.10. 
Improving our capabilities. 
Along with bringing mini mills into our footprint, we are focused on improving our product capability at all operating sites to ensure that as many products as possible can be produced by either the integrated or mini mill route. This effort will help us as we continue to work toward our 2030 and 2050 GHG emission reduction goals. It is only with a deep understanding of metallurgy and processing technology that we are able to create so many specialized products.
10. https://www.mckinsey.com/businessfunctions/operations/our-insights/ taking-supplier-collaboration-to-the-next-level. 
Ken Jaycox, SVP and Chief Commercial Officer, U. S. Steel “ We are changing the mindset that steel is a commodity — it’s an integral part of design.”
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 31. 
INNOVATION


Partnered with Purdue University (Northwest and West Lafayette), Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Linde, Cleveland-Cliffs and the Department of Energy’s Advanced Manufacturing Office to create a first-ofits-kind virtual simulation of the blast furnace process. This will help operators make physics-based, real-time decisions to improve efficiency and asset longevity.
Upgraded six electric shovels and purchased two new shovels so that we could retire four diesel-operated shovels. This action saved (or will save) approximately 106,000 gallons of diesel per month in the shovel process, or 14,500 tons of CO2 at our Minnesota Ore operations.
Pursued a sustainable project for conversion of two diesel-electric switcher locomotives at our ET and Clairton facilities to battery-electric switchers, to be completed by 2023. The total emissions reduction (including CO2, NOx, and SOx) of each converted switcher is projected to be the equivalent of taking 63 transit buses off the road.
2021 Highlights. 
Completed the acquisition of the only LEED-certified, lower GHG emission steelmaking facility in the United States, Big River Steel.
Commenced construction of two new advanced finishing lines at Big River Steel which will produce 1) Non-Grain-Oriented (NGO) electrical steel and 2) galvalume/galvanized coated steel products that can be used for durable metal roofing and other construction needs.
In 2021 we announced a process to find a new site for a second mini-mill steel production facility to be built near Big River Steel, for which we will seek LEED and ResponsibleSteel certification. With full operation anticipated in 2024, it will operate the first endless casting and rolling facility in North America.
CELEBRATING INNOVATION Process Innovation (cont.) 106,000 Gallons of diesel saved per month from retiring four diesel-operated shovels. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 32. 
INNOVATION


Increased steel production with less hot metal production by increasing the recycled scrap usage in basic oxygen process (BOP) furnaces at Granite City Works.
Developed a real-time, on-line steel sheet flatness tool that provides better visibility and control, enabling the mill to roll wider widths at thinner gages.
2021 Highlights. 
Added natural gas injection capabilities to a USSK blast furnace. This will reduce GHG emissions, improve the flexibility of the blast furnace technology, and increase the heating value of the blast furnace gas that is used to generate steam and electricity for the plant. This project is estimated to save nearly 70,000 metric tons of CO2, the equivalent of taking 15,000 passenger vehicles off the road each year.11. 
Looking Ahead. 
We will continue to explore how we can expand on AHSS. We have just begun to see what we can do with the strength and elongation of the Gen 3 product line, and will continue to develop and optimize variations along with the many new products and solutions in the research phase that we will be piloting and commercializing in the next few years.
11. Source: https://www.epa.gov/energy/ greenhouse-gas-equivalencies-calculator. 
CELEBRATING INNOVATION Process Innovation (cont.) 70,000 Metric tons of CO2 saved a year from adding natural gas injection capabilities to a USSK blast furnace. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 33. 
INNOVATION


David B. Burritt, President & Chief Executive Officer, U. S. Steel “ Steel once changed the world. Now the world is changing steel.”
Sustainable Advanced High Strength Steels. 
Our acquisition of Big River Steel in 2021 opened new avenues of steel configuration possibilities. By the end of the year, we had commercialized five new low-carbonemission variants. We are currently selling the most technologically sophisticated portfolio of sustainably made Advanced High-Strength Steels (AHSS).
For one customer, we crafted steel no thicker than a pencil that was so strong that a single rod could lift an elephant. This ability to elongate steel while retaining high strength allows for more creativity in design and provides a greater ability to absorb energy. As a practical matter, these innovations allow our AHSS to be used to create lighter railcars while increasing load capacity by over 7,000 pounds, or reduce an automobile’s vehicle weight to improve fuel efficiency without sacrificing crashworthiness.
Our customers increasingly seek steel products that are stronger, lighter, and sustainably made, with a smaller carbon footprint and more recycled steel content. The versatility and flexibility of our people and processes has helped us keep up with demand and our customers are excited to see our latest innovations. They know we can supply the steel-based materials they need to create their product or help them design a specialty solution.
Greener Steels. 
Our AHSS products from BRS not only have lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, but are actually superior products. We’ve developed a steel (XG3™) that is stronger and more formable than any other in existence. We are developing electrical steel for more fuel-efficient motors, and we recently made a large investment in NGO electrical steel line to meet the growing electric vehicle demand. Our verdeXTM steel can reduce CO2 emissions by up to 70%–80% from integrated steels, is 100% infinitely recyclable without quality degradation, and contains up to 90% recycled steel content. As these examples show, we are delivering products today that will ensure a better future for all.
CELEBRATING INNOVATION Product Innovation. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 34. 
INNOVATION


2021 Highlights. 
Began construction of an NGO electrical steel line at Big River Steel. 
Began pursuing LEED certification for a new NGO line and our sustainable verdeXTM steel brand expansion. 
Commercialized five low-carbon-emission AHSS products. 
Supplied AHSS to aid automobile industry lightweighting. 
Received Daimler Global Supplier Sustainability Award 2021 for Big River Steel’s exceptionally sustainable production. 
Earned Honorable Mention 2021 Altair Enlighten Award for Lightweighting Enabling Technology for body-in-white automotive assembly using its 980 XG3 Gen3 AHSS 2021 Commitment–ACHIEVED. 
Leveraged our Best for All® strategy to develop and commercialize low-carbon and Advanced High-Strength Steels for our current and future customers; five new grades of steel have been produced at our new mini mill that had been previously commercialized at our integrated facility, in order to leverage the enhanced recyclability and reduction in carbon footprint of our mini mill process route.
Looking Ahead. 
We are going to keep pushing the boundary of what steel can do. U. S. Steel plans to develop and commercialize 15–25 additional differentiated grades of low-carbon-emission and high-recycled-content steels to provide more options for customers to reduce emissions in their value chain. As mentioned earlier, our $3B investment in a second mini mill will further enhance our capacity to offer low-carbon-footprint steel products, and create a more sustainable sales portfolio.
CELEBRATING INNOVATION Product Innovation (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 35. 
INNOVATION


Innovation Story. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT INNOVATION


INNOVATION STORY Partnering on Products for the Future: Designing the Next Generation Railcar. 
The project required a stronger, lighter steel to reduce the weight of the 52-foot gondola railcar, yet the railcar needed to carry a heavier amount of cargo. U. S. Steel developed a product that met the performance targets and made the railcar design needs a reality. The new gondola railcar that was ultimately produced is more energy-efficient, both during production and in use:
Lowers manufacturing costs by reducing the amount of steel needed per railcar by up to 7,000 lbs. 
Requires less time for fabrication and less structural reinforcement. 
Reduces the amount of fuel used, and carbon emitted during use, due to the lighter weight. 
Lowers transportation costs per ton by transporting more cargo at a time. 
Lowers maintenance costs by resisting punctures with a stronger external finish. 
Meets the Authority for Advance Ruling interchange rule with a 50-year lifespan with steel twice as strong as the steel used in the past. 
In 2021, Norfolk Southern Railroad and The Greenbrier Companies (who design, build and market freight railcars), approached U. S. Steel with the need to replace an aging railcar fleet. Unfortunately, the steel being used for railcars over the past 40 years was heavy and not very durable — U. S. Steel agreed to help develop a better product.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 37. 
INNOVATION


When the U. S. Steel team explained to Greenbrier that it wouldn’t have to buy as much steel per railcar, the Greenbrier team was thrilled. With the same volume of steel, they could manufacture 12% more railcars.
A project like this would typically take two to three years, but the U. S. Steel team accomplished it in less than a year. By the end of 2021, the companies had worked together to build prototypes for the new design and realized the increased cargo capacity.
This new railcar equation presents an opportunity for a major change in the economics of rail transportation, making its shipping costs even more competitive with the trucking industry and demonstrating how it’s possible to use steel more efficiently. Solutions like these make U. S. Steel more profitable over time as we differentiate ourselves by dedicated focus to meet our customers’ unique needs and solidify long-term relationships.
Old Design: 2,100 railcars carry an average of 103.5 tons each. 
Phase 1 Redesign: 1,923 railcars carry an average of 113 tons each. 
Phase 2 Estimate: 1,850 railcars carry an average of 117.5 tons each. 
INNOVATION STORY Partnering on Products for the Future: Designing the Next Generation Railcar (cont.)
We differentiate ourselves by dedicated focus to meet our customers’ unique needs and solidify long-term relationships.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 38. 
INNOVATION


INNOVATION STORY U. S. Steel Košice: Sharing Best Practices. 
Dave Hathaway, Vice President Engineering and Innovation, U. S. Steel Košice “ We have to sell our knowledge and knowhow, not our processes.”
U. S. Steel Košice (USSK) plays a major role in the U. S. Steel Best for All® sustainable steelmaking strategy. The USSK business, located in the European Union, has been on a journey to meet substantial greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets for years. In response to increasing EU requirements, it has implemented multiple systems and processes to capture large amounts of data, which helps them continually improve and meet the high EU sustainability targets. U. S. Steel has also been implementing data capture initiatives and has realized the benefits that come from big data analysis. There is frequent communication between USSK and the U. S. Steel Environmental Affairs and Sustainability teams to use the more advanced EU requirements and disclosures to model best practices for reducing GHG emissions across the organization.
“At USSK, we continually work on strengthening the success of our plant, which has been built by many generations of employees with high expertise and professional experience. Our team, through our continuous improvement culture, is constantly working to be the best mill in Europe,” Jim Bruno, President, U. S. Steel Košice.
USSK also works closely with customers to solve problems, often reaching out to other U. S. Steel colleagues for input. With a world-class research facility on the property, it’s convenient for customers to visit and collaborate. USSK has helped customers solve manufacturing challenges involving cars, engines and even heat reflective paint. The USSK Research and Development team is also working with Big River Steel to develop their new product line of electrical steels.
Enercon, a wind turbine manufacturer, is one of the customers benefiting from USSK expertise. Enercon has a patented technology for their wind turbine drives that requires a special steel, but they were having trouble sourcing the proper material. USSK was quickly able to develop a customized electrical steel solution.
Internal motivation pushes USSK to surpass high EU sustainability targets and drive down their energy consumption and GHG emissions, which in turn leads to greater profitability and a cleaner environment.
USSK Facts:
Largest integrated steel producer in Central Europe. 
One of the largest private employers in Slovakia, with almost 9,000 employees 5.0 million ton (4.5 million metric ton) annual capacity for raw steel production. 
Onsite power plant for internal steam and electricity generation, and an onsite research and development laboratory. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 39. 
INNOVATION


INNOVATION STORY Big River Steel: Acquiring the Capability to Move Toward Best for All®
Big River Steel made a big splash in the steel industry when it launched in 2014 with the motto, “At our core, we’re a technology company. We just happen to make steel.” From the start, it dared to redefine what a steel company could be. At Big River Steel, the employees insisted on being different, being green, and being first.
Located in Osceola, Arkansas, Big River Steel is the world’s first Flex Mill™, which merges the wide product mix and superior grade capabilities of an integrated mill with the flexibility and technological advancements of a mini mill. It is also the world’s first Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED)-certified steel mill.
As a modern facility, Big River Steel has been able to use the latest sustainability technology, including the only Ruhrstahl-Heraeus (RH) degasser at a North American mini mill. The degasser reduces hydrogen and nitrogen levels and removes carbon faster, more efficiently, and to the lowest levels possible, enabling the production of the highest quality electrical and Advanced High-Strength Steels (AHSS).
Michelle Vachon, Environmental Manager, Big River Steel “ Customers love coming to Big River. They love to ask about Scope 1 and Scope 2 [GHG emissions], and they want to know about our carbon footprint. Customers are asking for this information before we can even qualify to be a supplier, so it’s really set us apart from our competition.”
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 40. 
INNOVATION


These advanced technologies enable Big River Steel to set its own sustainability policies, which go beyond U.S. EPA standards to conform to the stricter EU rules. In 2021 the mill earned the Daimler Supplier Sustainability Award for its exceptionally sustainable production. These capabilities enhance BRS’ ability to attract new customers.
U. S. Steel took an immediate interest in Big River Steel’s success. In 2019, we bought a 49.9% stake in the company, beginning a venture between the hundred-year-old giant and the “little engine that could produce greener steels.”
In 2020, we began collaborating on AHSS, and now Big River Steel produces our portfolio of AHSS, including verdeX™ and XG3™ In 2021, we commercialized five AHSS grades and completed our acquisition of Big River Steel. The acquisition of BRS and the ability to create these new steels support our Best for All sustainable steelmaking strategy.
Facts about Big River Steel:
Produces steel with an EAF, using less energy and producing fewer GHG emissions and emissions intensity than our traditional mills.
Uses recycled steel (scrap metal) and recycles or reuses nearly all of its byproducts (bag house dust, slag, pickling oil)
Conserves energy with drives and motors that idle at lower speeds. 
BRS has a comprehensive water recycling program with the capability to recycle over 400,000 gallons of treated wastewater per day that would otherwise be discharged to the Mississippi River. BRS utilizes a cascade process to further optimize water conservation. The effect of this new water system optimization in conjunction with good management practices allows BRS to double its liquid steel throughput while effectively reducing treated wastewater discharge per ton of steel.
For these, and many other reasons, Big River Steel is a critical part of U. S. Steel’s sustainability strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 20% by 2030 and achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
INNOVATION STORY Big River Steel: Acquiring the Capability to Move Toward Best for All® (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 41. 
INNOVATION


INNOVATION SPOTLIGHT A Pioneer and Inclusive Leader at Big River Steel. 
When Lenore Trammell started with Big River Steel in 2014, “It was just some people with a dream and an idea that we could do something in the steel industry,” she explained. Over the years, in her multifaceted role as Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel, she has handled everything from state incentives to permitting and human resources. On top of that she makes sure that BRS is involved in community organizations. In her own words, “I’m the mom of the operation — I let them know what they can and can’t do to make sure we can keep doing all the things that we want to do.”
Lenore was well suited for her role, having been in the steel industry since 1997. She’d not only been a steel attorney, but also had experience with procurement and as an inside sales representative, so she knew many suppliers and customers. In addition, as an African American woman, she brings a unique voice to the role. But sometimes her difference was more about being the first General Counsel at BRS and someone focused on process.
She found that having an open-door policy and taking an interest in her colleagues’ personal lives made her accessible and relatable. And BRS staff have come to fully appreciate her focus on process. She acknowledges that “What Big River has accomplished has absolutely been a team effort. Everyone has done a great job of playing the role they were given — we couldn’t have done it without each other.” “ It was just some people with a dream and an idea that we could do something in the steel industry.”
Lenore Trammell, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel, Big River Steel. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 42. 
INNOVATION


Missouri University of Science & Technology — Peaslee Steel Manufacturing Research Center. 
Purdue University Northwest — Steel Manufacturing Simulation and Visualization Consortium. 
University of Michigan — Global CO2 Initiative. 
University of Pittsburgh. 
Carnegie Mellon University — Center for Iron and Steel Research. 
Carnegie Foundry. 
Colorado School of Mines — Advanced Steel Processing & Products Research Center and Continuous Casting Consortium. 
McMaster University — Steel Research Centre. 
Mineland Vision Partnership (MVP)
CELEBRATING INNOVATION Collaborations and Associations. 
In an effort to advance decarbonization technology in the steel industry, we partner with energy companies, non-profits, and universities. These collaborations allow us to play a critical role in the race to decarbonization and support our net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
Association for Iron & Steel Technology (AIST) worldsteel Association Sustainability Charter. 
Equinor. 
Net-Zero Steel Initiative. 
ResponsibleSteel. 
RMI Steel Climate-Aligned Finance Working Group. 
Northern Appalachia Tri-State Regional Decarbonization Alliance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 43. 
INNOVATION


Empowering People. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT PEOPLE


EMPOWERING PEOPLE Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I)
U. S. Steel is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse team of creative, highly-skilled, and excellence-driven people who believe in accountability, fairness, and respect. Diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) is built into our business strategy, and we foster an inclusive work environment where we want every employee to feel a sense of belonging and believe that we value their contribution.
We know that when we welcome and embrace our differences, people feel confident and comfortable enough to be themselves — that’s when they shine. Investing. 
Only with a skilled, motivated workforce can we be the sustainable steel solutions provider our customers’ evolving needs demand.
in and supporting our diverse workforce strengthens our U. S. Steel community, sparks innovation, increases productivity, and fuels our steady growth year after year.
Supporting our people and nurturing their development is crucial to achieving our Best for All® strategy. Only with a skilled, motivated workforce can we be the sustainable steel solutions provider our customers’ evolving needs demand. Members of our executive leadership team play important roles in inclusion initiatives at U. S. Steel, serving on our DE&I Council to ensure that we continuously move our agenda forward.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 45. 
PEOPLE


To enhance employee engagement and promote a culture of caring, throughout 2021 we had seven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that provided leadership development, mentorship, and networking opportunities for members. These groups hold events throughout the year to create internal and external connections, including through charitable outreach. Membership in each of the seven ERGs grew between 15–61% in 2021.
LEAD (Leveraging and Enhancing All Diversity): Promoting an inclusive environment that embraces the vision, furthers the value, and aligns with the DE&I strategy of U. S. Steel by leveraging the mix of diverse thought, personal background, and professional education to enhance employee engagement and positively impact business goals.
WIN (Women’s Inclusion Network): Cultivating an inclusive environment that enables women to maximize their professional success at U. S. Steel through networking, education, recruitment, leadership opportunities and community involvement.
SERVE (Strengthening and Enhancing Relationships of Veteran Employees): Honoring and supporting all employees, current and prospective, who are veterans of our nation’s military or remain active in the National Guard or Reserves.
NextGen Steel: Building a stronger future for U. S. Steel by empowering the next generation of U. S. Steel leaders through business and community involvement, on-boarding support, and talent upskilling opportunities.
SteelABILITY: Fostering an environment that supports employees with disabilities and their caregivers in bringing 100% of themselves to work by advocating for and empowering the individual, increasing awareness and understanding of disability-related issues and promoting inclusion, trust, and respect throughout the organization and in our communities.
SteelPRIDE: Bringing together and ensuring dignity, respect, and inclusivity for members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer community, along with their allies in a positive and respectful environment where they can express their identity, share knowledge, and cultivate an environment of trust and open, honest communication.
SteelPARENTS: Supporting working parents and caregivers at U. S. Steel by providing resources, access, and opportunities to strengthen social networks within the community.
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 46. 
PEOPLE


DE&I Leadership Development Program. 
We encourage our employees to continue to learn new skills and expand their knowledge. In 2021, we added the Leading at the Front-Line program to our U. S. Steel Leadership Academy, our framework for all of our leadership development programs. Leading at the FrontLine was created for non-represented first-line supervisors who directly manage union represented employees. This six-month program focuses on our talent philosophy of setting the right environment, practicing inclusive leadership, and effectively managing probationary employees. The program launched in May 2021 and was delivered in person locally and virtually. To date, 65% of our first-line supervisor population have enrolled and 17% have completed the program.
Simple formula for retaining employees: Listening + Recognition = Feeling Valued. 
We recognize that employees want to be heard and know their work is valued. That’s why we’ve opened lines of communication, reached out to check on our team members, listened to their feedback and taken action in response when appropriate.
It’s meaningful to us that in 2020, a difficult year for all businesses due to the pandemic, our overall attrition rates were over 15%, but our voluntary attrition levels were only 3.6%. This is much lower than the voluntary attrition rates for the manufacturing industry, which were 19.5% for 2020 according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
During the Great Resignation in 2021, which happened to be a strong recovery year for U. S. Steel, our overall attrition fell to 10%, and voluntary attrition increased only slightly to 4%. When millions were leaving their jobs in search of something better, the vast majority of our employees chose to stay with us. We are proud of these numbers, especially during a year of such unprecedented job upheaval.
Barry Melnkovic, Senior Vice President & Chief Human Resources Officer, U. S. Steel “ We respect that our people have a choice and choose every day to continue working with USS, and this is evidenced by our excellent retention.”
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 47. 
PEOPLE


Implemented unconscious bias education to over 2,300 professional employees with a 99% completion rate.
Held a Day of Understanding where we shared Leadership Insight videos and held sessions to share practical DE&I actions with over 500 leaders. 
Employee Recognition. 
Paid out several of our variable incentive programs at record levels and accelerated payouts for certain programs to reward employees sooner in recognition of their hard work and dedication and exceptional financial performance. 
Equity. 
In 2021, U. S. Steel engaged with an independent third party to examine the fairness of our compensation practices and confirmed 100% pay equity in all workplaces and departments. This analysis affirmed our commitment to fair treatment 2021 Highlights. 
Recognitions. 
Named to Newsweek’s Most Loved Workplaces list and ranked 43 out of 100 for employee happiness and satisfaction, based on the number of U. S. Steel employees that voted. 
Maintained a perfect 100% Corporate Equality Index score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality in 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
Recognized as a 2021 Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion (Disability Equality Index)
Won external recognition for Leading on Leave (National Partnership for Women and Families)
DE&I Activities. 
Held more than 100 events, organized by our seven ERGs and designed to develop and engage our workforce and our local communities 2021 Commitment — ACHIEVED. 
We committed to improving representation in leadership by ensuring that candidate slates for positions at director-level and above include at least 40% or more females and/or racial/ethnic minorities, cumulatively and on an annual basis.
We far exceeded our goal. Our candidate interview slates were 64% diverse and, as a result, 78% of these positions were filled by diverse hires.
Looking Ahead. 
No matter how many accolades we receive, we’ll keep looking to see what we can do better. We will continue to listen to our employees to find out what they need, support and improve our engagement programs, and reach as many diverse applicants as we can.
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 48. 
PEOPLE


Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Story. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT PEOPLE


DE&I STORY Attracting a More Diverse Workforce to the 21st Century Steel Industry. 
In 2021, U. S. Steel focused on transforming its Talent Acquisition and Recruiting processes. We developed new, effective, engagement strategies to expand our reach during a very challenging year for many of our employees and applicants. We posted open positions on more than 6,000 diversity-related websites and searched for diverse hiring events to attend and host outreach sessions. The results far surpassed our expectations.
Talent Communities. 
During Women’s History Month, we launched the first of three new online communities designed to personalize applicants’ introduction to U. S. Steel. The Women of Steel Talent Community: 1) sends members job alerts on new opportunities, 2) sends quarterly newsletters that feature real-life experiences of women working in the steel industry, and 3) provides insights and tips for women entering the industry.
In a year when workers were leaving their employers in droves, thousands of potential job seekers visited Our Women of Steel Talent Community, resulting in recordbreaking female hiring diversity of 16% in our 2021 hiring class.
“I was recently elected Vice President of LEAD (Leveraging and Enhancing All Diversity) which is one of our seven ERGs. I’m proud to be part of this ERG that is striving to make a big impact both at U. S. Steel and our surrounding communities to enhance what Inclusion and Diversity really means.”
Women in Steel Employee Spotlight: Safia Naqui, Regional Sales Manager. 
Later in 2021, we launched our Hiring Heroes Talent Community, installed a Military Occupation Services Code translator on our career website, and began participation in a multi-employer Veteran Talent Exchange to support our active and former military applicants and their spouses more fully. We also took over the Veterans sponsorship at Heinz Field as part of our larger partnership with the Steelers (see more on Steelers partnerships page 57).
CEO Action for Racial Equity. 
Our commitment to DE&I extends to all areas of U. S. Steel. We dedicate two full-time Fellows to the CEO Action for Racial Equity (CEOARE) for two-year terms (doubling our original commitment). These Fellows help identify, develop and promote public policies and corporate engagement strategies to address systemic racism and social injustice. They also use their diverse experiences, skill sets and perspectives to help bridge gaps, collaborate and facilitate change at the local, state and federal levels.
The Valuable 500. 
Our involvement with The Valuable 500 ensures disability inclusion is at the forefront of our senior leadership agenda, along with our efforts to take meaningful actions and find solutions to be more inclusive of people with disabilities.
Anthony Ashe, VP, Sales, Marketing & Business Development. 
CEOARE Fellow Spotlight “I’m proud that U. S. Steel has made the commitment to CEOARE and this purpose driven work. I am humbled to be working with immensely talented Fellows, and I’m also energized to see U. S. Steel collaboratively engage with CEOARE and us, as Fellows, to ensure that we’re truly leveraging the DE&I solutions emanating from the Fellowship.”
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 50. 
PEOPLE


The steel industry has long been one of the most hazardous in manufacturing, which is why U. S. Steel coined the mantra “Safety First” around 1908. At U. S. Steel, we have a longstanding commitment to the health and safety of every person who works in our facilities. Our goal is to maintain a sustainable, zero-harm culture that’s supported by leadership and owned by an engaged and highly skilled workforce. We empower our employees with the capabilities and resources needed to assess, reduce, and eliminate workplace risks and hazards and appreciate their dedication to safety.
Safety is our most important priority. While we have industry-leading safety practices and experienced a strong year for our overall safety metrics, we have more work to do. We grieve the loss of three people from our operations in 2021 and are focused on preventing similar incidents in the future. For more information, see safety metrics on page 107.
In 2021, we initiated new safety communication methods and enhanced contractor safety processes. One of our most important safety protocols is our fatality prevention audit program, which provides proactive assessments of the processes and protocols we have in place to avoid severe injuries and fatalities. The assessments. 
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Health & Safety are conducted annually at the enterprise level and more frequently at each of our facilities.
U. S. Steel receives many surveys from customers about our safety protocols, visibility, tracking and process implementation to assess safety processes and industrial hygiene. The reality is that safe companies are productive and financially successful companies.
(SRKS). Now our management teams can easily identify, analyze, and document the root causes of our incidents and prevent their repetition in the future.
Our leaders ensure that safety processes are integrated into our day-to-day operations and consistently emphasize the importance of working safely. We partner with the United Steelworkers on safety practices and programs and our managers lead by example on a daily basis. As part of our commitment, we train employees in hazard identification and the use of control measures to reduce risk.
Our CEO David Burritt has served on the National Safety Council’s board of directors for the past three years. He provides leadership, insights, and guidance in support of the council’s mission to eliminate the leading causes of preventable death so people can live their fullest lives. In addition, our Chief Safety and Security Officer, Robert Rudge, serves as a council delegate to assist in formulating associated position papers and policy statements.
The U. S. Steel safety team continuously collaborates and exchanges information and ideas with the World Steel Association (worldsteel) counterparts relative to injury trends, reduction techniques and fatality prevention.
We implemented a Safety Management System (SMS) in 2019 and the data has provided valuable insights.
In the first quarter of 2021, each plant conducted a safety self-assessment against the SMS requirements to measure our progress. We then established a safety maturity index score for each plant to help prioritize and act on their respective risks and identify opportunities for improvement. We also developed a user-friendly Root Cause Analysis Tool and integrated it with the Safety Recordkeeping System. 
Chris Petrouski, Director, Safety & Security Center of Excellence and Industrial Hygiene, U. S. Steel “We’ve always collected safety data, but now we’re able to identify, analyze and document root causes.”
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 51. 
PEOPLE


Stephen Shaffer, Director of Safety and Security for North America, U. S. Steel “ Our goal every day is to send these folks home to their loved ones in full health.” 2021 Highlights. 
Achieved a corporate Days Away From Work (DAFW) rate of 0.06, a record performance for U. S. Steel and significantly better than the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Iron and Steel benchmark DAFW rate of 0.60. This was only possible due to the commitment of all our employees at our locations.
Established 2022 targets to measure year-over-year safety performance improvement. 
Completed or exceeded our safety targets for 2021 2021 Commitment – IN PROGRESS. 
We set a goal to achieve ISO 45001 certification at Big River Steel by the end of 2023 and at the balance of our operating facilities starting in 2024. ISO 45001 specifies occupational health and safety standards to help reduce accidents in the workplace and provides tools to continuously improve safety performance.
Looking Ahead. 
We’ll never stop working to make our employees safer. As we continue to gather more safety data, we believe it will give us exponentially better insights on how to keep improving our training efforts, identify and reduce risks and increase workforce engagement.
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Health & Safety (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 52. 
PEOPLE


Health & Safety Story. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT PEOPLE


HEALTH & SAFETY STORY Applying Big Data for Safety on and off the Job. 
A safe workplace takes hard work, attention to detail, leadership, training, employee engagement, vigilance and constant risk reduction.
Distraction translates into risk. There are more than 24,000 people working at U. S. Steel around the world. To maintain a safe workplace, every single person needs to be engaged all day, every day. But 24,000 people are thinking about 24,000 different things every day. So our biggest challenge is getting all our people to focus on safety risks and make safe decisions.
All employees attend multiple training sessions on a regular basis. The safety instructions aren’t limited to workplace examples — the precautions we share also help us stay safe at home.
Robert Rudge, Vice President — Chief Safety & Security Officer, U. S. Steel “ To be a safe company working in a high-risk manufacturing site, you don’t do that by accident. We are diligently working to make injury-free work days a reality, combining physical and psychological safety to take a 360-degree view of our workplaces.”
Our Safety Management System (SMS): The most powerful tool to date in the constant battle against injury. 
We have always measured and collected safety data and had processes in place. But the SMS sets targets and has a risk register that identifies and prioritizes all jobs based on their level of risk. It ensures that the safety team quickly addresses the highest risk. It also measures how much risk is eliminated by the team’s actions. The SMS dissects and ranks risks methodically and illustrates how the safety procedures impact, support and integrate with each other, so it’s easier to find ways to be more efficient, effective, proactive and sustainable.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 54. 
PEOPLE


EMPOWERING PEOPLE Community Engagement. 
Employee volunteerism. 
To recognize our employees’ contributions and efforts to give back to their communities, U. S. Steel established the “United by Service” award. We identified 12 volunteers as 2021 Service Champions and honored one as 2021 Volunteer of the Year–Justin Calderone of Mon Valley Works — who volunteered with Calderone Caring Foundation, a charity dedicated to helping Pennsylvanians who encounter problems with the health of their children. Our champions were able to direct donations of $5,000 each to the charity of their choice, and the Volunteer of the Year was able to direct a contribution of $15,000.
Community engagement. 
We strive to maintain open lines of communication and engage with community leaders and interested citizens to share information about our operations and identify ways we can support community initiatives and programs. After reaching out to Pennsylvania elected officials, we formed Citizen Advisory Panels (CAPs) for two plant locations in Mon Valley — Clairton and Braddock — to identify opportunities and hear community concerns.
Since 2004, U. S. Steel Košice (USSK) has offered a scholarship program to provide access to higher education for talented students from socially disadvantaged families in eastern Slovakia. In 2007 the program was extended to children of USSK employees. USSK awarded 25 scholarships for the academic year 2020/2021, and 22 more for 2021/2022. Scholarship recipients took part in USSK’s volunteer events and several gained practical experience at USSK during summer or year-long internships.
In 2021, over 320 U. S. Steel employees logged 15,607 hours to more than 100 organizations.
U. S. Steel is passionate about strengthening the communities we call home. From our employees’ volunteer work to our corporate contributions, from partnering and awarding scholarships to advancing STEM education, our volunteering and philanthropic efforts create opportunities to deliver on our Best for All® strategy.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 55. 
PEOPLE


EMPOWERING PEOPLE Community Engagement (cont.) 36% Community Events & Programs 17% Education 14% Helping Hand 9% Parks & Public Spaces 24% Health & Safety. 
In the U.S., our 2021 corporate contributions12 were disbursed to the following categories of non-profit organizations.
12. Includes contributions from Big River Steel, but not USSK. 
Corporate contributions. 
In 2019, U. S. Steel and the Pittsburgh Steelers announced a multi-year partnership agreement to support education and show community pride. Together, we launched the first Steelers-themed STEM education program, and integrated initiatives into schools in the Mon Valley area. During the 2020-2021 school year, nearly 3,750 students in 26 schools completed 4,780 hours of learning. During 2021, we also saluted our heroes during each Pittsburgh Steelers home game.
In 2021, we began a new partnership with another pillar of the Pittsburgh community, the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Penguins Foundation, to help increase literacy and expand access to sports. Launched in the fall, the Reading Champions program is an incentive-based reading program for students in Mon Valley schools. The program reached 200 third grade students with 225 books. Students logged nearly 162,000 minutes of reading and earned nearly 1,800 prizes. The winning classroom with 23 students logging a total 61,000 minutes was Ms. Green’s from West Mifflin Homeville Elementary School. They were awarded a steel cup trophy specially designed and fabricated by U. S. Steel Research and Technology Center personnel. U. S. Steel also provides a quarterly “Try Hockey for Free Day” at rinks across western Pennsylvania to help overcome the financial barrier that can prevent kids from trying hockey.
In 2021, for the second year, U. S. Steel partnered with the American Heart Association, the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank and the Clairton School District to fight food insecurity among students on summer vacation. U. S. Steel’s contribution of $60,000 per year funds a summertime supply of meals for children under 18 who live in Clairton. Seven sites operated five days a week and served over 7,400 meals.
The U. S. Steel “Sons and Daughters Scholarships” program supports the higher education and career goals of employees’ children who attend a two- or four-year college or university or vocational-technical school in the United States. A third-party administrator awards the merit-based scholarships.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 56. 
PEOPLE


2021 Highlights. 
Contributed more than $3 million to community organizations, schools, activities, and a range of causes in the United States and Slovakia. 
Embarked on a multi-year literacy program partnership with the Pittsburgh Penguins. 
Continued our existing partnership in STEM education for local schoolchildren with the Pittsburgh Steelers. 
Sponsored public benefit projects in Slovakia for children, and supported causes in healthcare, science and education, culture and sports through U. S. Steel Košice Group. 
Donated 42 acres of land to the Nashwauk-Keewatin School District in Minnesota as a possible site for the construction of a new school 2021 Commitment – ACHIEVED. 
In 2021, U. S. Steel further encouraged employees’ volunteer contributions to our local communities by providing eight hours of paid time off for volunteering to full-time, non-represented employees, and began tracking volunteer hours and benefiting organizations.
Looking Ahead. 
We aim to double the amount of corporate contributions we make in 2022 and increase our volunteer hours by at least 10%. We want to keep expanding our presence and increasing the good we can do in our workplace communities.
EMPOWERING PEOPLE Community Engagement (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 57. 
PEOPLE


Community Engagement Story. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT PEOPLE


We believe our employees know their own communities and what they need best.
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT STORY Customizing Community Support. 
At U. S. Steel, we believe our employees know their own communities and what they need best. We encourage them to volunteer for any local cause that inspires them. We give full-time, non-represented employees the flexibility to use their eight hours of paid volunteer time wherever they choose. For example, at Big River Steel, we have established some favorite annual community events in their Osceola, Arkansas hometown.
Improving the Quality of Life in Osceola. 
Each year, Big River Steel celebrates Earth Day in Osceola by donating a variety of trees to public spaces. For the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, we donated 50 trees. In 2021, we donated 51, and each year we’ll add another tree to the total. Trees reduce the amount of carbon in the atmosphere by sequestering carbon in new growth. The goal is to add a tree canopy to the town so everyone can enjoy the shade and help to reduce carbon emissions in our community.
For the past two Thanksgivings, Big River Steel has partnered with the local Walmart and distributed turkey dinners to their neighbors and community members. Walmart provided the (uncooked) turkeys, and Big River Steel donated all the fixings: mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans, cranberry sauce, and dessert. We packaged each dinner in a Big River Steel Cares bag for pick up at the community center for families to enjoy at home. In 2021, we expanded distribution from 200 to 250 dinners.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 59. 
PEOPLE


Protecting the Environment. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT


Steel production is a carbon-intensive process, so U. S. Steel is always looking for ways to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Approximately 70–80% of the CO2 emissions from integrated steelmaking are associated with the use of coke and coal to melt iron in the blast furnace. Steel can also be produced with a significantly smaller carbon footprint by melting recycled steel scrap using electricity in an electric arc furnace (EAF).
U. S. Steel is a historic innovator and leader in the energyefficient production of steel using blast furnaces. We also recognize the synergies between the integrated route and EAF techniques that reduce our carbon footprint and optimize operations. See page 4, “How We Make Steel” for more information on these processes.
For more information about energy usage, energy intensity and GHG intensity, see page 88.
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
In 2021, we announced the goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 61. 
ENVIRONMENT


Reducing GHG Emissions at U. S. Steel Košice. 
The USSK Specialist CO2 Reduction Team has been working to reduce CO2 output while maintaining their current level of production. In 2021, U. S. Steel Košice measured a lower emissions intensity of 2.03 tons CO2/ton raw steel when compared with 2020’s value of 2.07 tons CO2/ton raw steel, although absolute emissions increased along with increased production. The team keeps searching for new ideas and projects that save both money and aid the environment. In 2021, USSK led a number of projects aimed at reducing electricity usage and CO2 intensity, including:
Increasing the efficiency of the equipment and reducing the specific consumption of coal in the steam boilers of the heating plant. 
Regulation of the BOF off-gas energy content by melting cycle prediction. 
Increased cooling efficiency in oxygen production. 
Reduction of metallurgical coke humidity. 
Blast furnace hot blast air heating optimization. 
LED project to replace incandescent light bulbs with light emitting diodes (LEDs) led to electricity and CO2 reductions six years in a row and savings of 25,300 MWh per year. In 2021, we replaced 404 lamps on the CGL3 line and in the HRM engine room.
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Greenhouse Gas Emissions (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 62. 
ENVIRONMENT


2021 Highlights. 
We reduced our Global Scope 1 + Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Intensity to 1.93 tons CO2e/ton raw steel in 2021, from 2.31 tons CO2e/ton raw steel in 2020.
Set and announced a 2050 goal of Net-Zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
Announced our sustainable steel product line, verdeX™ offering a 70%-80% reduction in CO2 emissions. 
Increased the proportion of melt from EAF-based steelmaking, leading to reduced emissions versus the integrated route, by completing the acquisition of Big River Steel and having a full year operating the Fairfield Tubular EAF. 
Announced a second flat-roll mini mill in 2021, with the site announced in January 2022. 
Partnered with Equinor to examine the use of hydrogen and carbon capture, storage, and use technology in the steel industry 2021 Commitment – IN PROGRESS. 
We are working to achieve a 20% reduction in GHG emissions intensity (Scope 1 plus Scope 2) by 2030, against our 2018 baseline, which was 2.31 metric tons CO2e/metric ton raw steel for Scope 1 plus Scope 2. We are committed to annual public reporting on progress against these goals, as well as the measures being implemented to achieve them.
Looking Ahead. 
In April 2022, U. S. Steel published its first Climate Strategy Report, detailing our path toward a greener future in steel manufacturing and high-performance green steel products (more details on page 68).
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Greenhouse Gas Emissions (cont.)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 63. 
ENVIRONMENT


PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT 2021 GHG Intensity. 
U.S. Steel Areas Units Scope 1 Intensity Scope 2 Intensity Total Intensity. 
Global metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.77 0.16 1.93. 
Europe metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 2.01 0.02 2.03. 
North America metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.68 0.22 1.90. 
North America by business. 
Integrated metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.93 0.05 1.98. 
Mini mills metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 0.22 0.19 0.41. 
Tubular metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 0.37 0.43 0.80. 
Pellets metric tons CO2e/metric tons pellets 0.09 0.05 0.14 1. NA Integrated includes all operations at Gary Works, Granite City Works, and Mon Valley Works, including coke production at the latter. 2. Mini mills include all operations at Big River Steel. 3. Tubular includes the Fairfield Works EAF melt shop and the Fairfield Tubular Seamless Pipe Mill. 4. Pellets includes mining, beneficiation, and pelletizing operations at both Minntac and Keetac. 5. Stand-alone finishing facilities are not included in the splits but are included in the North America and Global roll-ups.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 64. 
ENVIRONMENT


Greenhouse Gas Emissions Story. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT


In 2021, U. S. Steel earned record profits — the greatest in its 120-year history. We are reinvesting a significant portion of our profits into advancing our Best for All® strategy, enabling an accelerated timeline for current sustainability projects and the ability to fund new initiatives. For instance, we began construction on another mini mill project and announced our greener steel product line, verdeX™.
Rich Fruehauf, Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer, U. S. Steel “ We have made decisions that will change the long-term future of the company to make it more sustainable. Best for All is really about transitioning ourselves for the future. And that future is going to rely more on low greenhouse gas emission technology.”
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS STORY Working Aggressively Toward a Zero Carbon Strategy. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 66. 
ENVIRONMENT


2018 Benchmark 2030 Reduction Goal. 
Process optimization. 
EAF capabilities. 
Future mini mill development. 
DRI with natural gas Carbon capture, use and/or storage. 
DRI with hydrogen. 
Announced initiatives % Emissions of 2018 Benchmark. 
Future potential initiatives 2050 40 0
60 80 100 20. 
Electrical grid improvements. 
Electrification & hydrogen use. 
Offsets/ credits. 
RELIANCE ON TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT. 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS STORY Working Aggressively Toward a Zero Carbon Strategy (cont.)
Our Path to Net-Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
U. S. Steel has developed a roadmap to our 2050 net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions goal while incorporating the interim 2030 target of a 20% reduction in GHG emissions intensity for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. We’ve already made 16% progress toward our 2030 goal, and now expect to make accelerated progress with the new sustainable processes and products we are launching.
The roadmap includes technologies that exist and are being implemented today, as well as technologies that require further development. The more future-focused technologies will require collaboration with customers, universities, suppliers and other organizations, as well as supportive governmental policies, to implement. We commit to being part of that process to advance this technology.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 67. 
ENVIRONMENT


Scott Buckiso, Senior Vice President & Chief Manufacturing Officer — North American Flat-Rolled Segment. 
Environmental stewardship is a core value at U. S. Steel, firmly embedded as one of our S.T.E.E.L. Principles — our business practices are designed to protect the environment.
The steelmaking process is heavily regulated and we must meet extensive environmental compliance requirements across our operations. The two most important priorities of U. S. Steel Environmental Affairs are to ensure that U. S. Steel is acting as a good community member and working with facilities to keep the local environment safe for use, and environmental compliance. Our environmental expenses include annual costs of compliance such as testing, sampling, monitoring, inspections, and equipment. U. S. Steel’s environmental expenses are significant and include annual costs for compliance such as testing, sampling, monitoring, inspections and equipment. For example, in the Mon Valley Works alone, U. S. Steel spends approximately $100 million annually on environmental compliance. In addition, every year we spend substantial capital on projects that are aimed at environmental improvement. For example, one of our investments was made at our Great Lakes Works in Michigan where we installed an upgraded scrubber at the pickle line for approximately $1.8 million.
Our Environmental Excellence campaign combines the Environmental Stewardship and Excellence and Accountability aspects of our S.T.E.E.L. Principles and is a critical part of our Best for All® strategy.
We also believe that being a good corporate citizen requires a dedicated focus on how our industry affects the environment. U. S. Steel advocates for the development of appropriate air, water and waste laws and regulations at the local, state, national and international levels.
Management Systems. 
Many of our major production facilities, including Gary Works, Mon Valley Works, Great Lakes Works, Granite City Works, USSK and Big River Steel have Environmental Management Systems that are certified to ISO 14001 — the framework for the measurement and improvement of environmental impacts. We are committed to reducing our emissions in our operations, and are implementing innovative best practice solutions to improve our environmental performance and reduce energy consumption. See our website for a full list of sustainability certifications.
By using the blast furnace and coke oven gas generated by our operations to partially power our own facilities, we conserved enough natural gas and other fuels from 2019 to 2021 to heat more than 3.2 million households for a year.
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environment. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 68. 
ENVIRONMENT


Air. 
U. S. Steel is committed to environmental progress and strives for 100% compliance with all federal, state, and local agencies’ rules, regulations, and permit conditions, even as the regulations become more stringent.
Using 2018 as baseline year, U. S. Steel has set a goal to reduce corporate NOx emissions intensity by 10% by 2030. 
We plan to achieve this NOx goal by:
Continuing to implement our Best for All® strategy. 
Shutting down Clairton Coke Batteries facilities 1-3 in early 2023. 
Following our enhanced maintenance and fuel use strategy. 
Establishing tracking metrics. 
For the calendar year 2021, the compliance rate for the coke oven battery underfire stacks was 99.9% and for the federal coke battery standards, the compliance rate was 100%
Based upon actual monitoring data from the last two years, Allegheny County, including the area in which the coke plant is located, has met all Federal health-based National Ambient Air Quality Standards. 
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environment (cont.) “ U. S. Steel’s facilities strive to excel in the area of environmental compliance. We chose that phrase, ‘Environmental Excellence’ because it complements our core principles and it exemplifies how we protect the environment while ensuring everyone is accountable.”
Tishie Woodwell, VP Environmental Affairs, U. S. Steel. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 69. 
ENVIRONMENT


Water. 
Our facilities use an abundance of water for cooling and process purposes. We are committed to reducing our water consumption and have implemented conservation practices to further this effort. Many of our processes use water-recycling systems that return water for reuse in operations, drastically reducing the amount of water brought into plants.
Waste. 
Recycling helps reduce reliance on landfills and improves sustainability through raw material and resource management. Every year, U. S. Steel recycles substantial quantities of scrap metal and other steelmaking coproducts and byproducts. In 2021, we recycled approximately 3.2 million metric tons of blast furnace slag and 235,299 metric tons of steel slag by selling it for use as aggregate and in highway construction. For more information see page 103.
In 2021, U. S. Steel recycled approximately 5.2 million tons of scrap steel in our integrated and mini mills.
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environment (cont.)
Steel Recycling. 
Steel has always been eminently recyclable, so U. S. Steel has a long history of recycling. In 2021, U. S. Steel recycled over 5.2 million metric tons of purchased and produced steel scrap. Because of steel’s physical properties, our products can be recycled at the end of their useful life without loss of quality, contributing to steel’s high recycling rate and affordability.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 70. 
ENVIRONMENT


PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environment (cont.)
Biodiversity. 
In 2022, as part of U. S. Steel’s commitment to protecting biodiversity, a Biodiversity Management Plan has been developed to manage biodiversity risks and adverse impacts at the Big River Steel Facility. We are committed to respecting protected and conserved areas and will continue to manage potential adverse impacts on biodiversity. The plan provides guidance to environmental staff for monitoring the property and designated mitigation areas to ensure that the integrity of the present biodiversity is adequate, while identifying issues. Facility activities with potential environmental impacts may include construction, manufacturing operations, truck hauling, discharges, dredging, filling, clearing, and grubbing. The plan may be used to assist with the management of biodiversity for other sites owned/operated by U. S. Steel. For more information, read the plan here.
Making a Home for Bald Eagles. 
For the past three years, a family of bald eagles has been thriving on property at U. S. Steel’s Mon Valley Works Irvin Plant in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania. U. S. Steel shares the beauty of these majestic birds with the community through the installation of a live camera. This is believed to be the first such camera at a steel plant and only the third camera of its kind in Pennsylvania.
Photo: Dana Nesiti. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 71. 
ENVIRONMENT


Supported the local community in River Rouge Michigan by assisting in the safe demolition of the Veteran’s Memorial and Ice Rink and Dan Briney Public Hall to help the local community by ensuring it would be done safely and in accordance with local laws.* 2021 Highlights. 
Set the NOx reduction goal in 2021. 
Completed our 2021 Environmental Audit Program. 
Increased environmental awareness — we launched a new Environmental Excellence campaign and participated in safety/environmental campaigns. 
Continued work on plant environmental improvement projects. 
Reached agreement with U.S. EPA on former Duluth Works remediation and commenced construction. 
Continued a multi-year remediation project to address impacts from a former Zinc Smelter Site in the town of Cherryvale, KS. In 2021, the project completed remediation of 280 commercial and residential properties resulting in the restoration of over 30 acres of private property.
Looking Ahead. 
U. S. Steel is committed to continue advancing towards a cleaner and healthier future. We will work with governments, academia and other companies to reduce our environmental footprint, push for supportive government policy.
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT Environment (cont.) *This project was undertaken in connection with the settlement of an enforcement action taken by EGLE.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 72. 
ENVIRONMENT


Disclosures. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-1 Name of organization United States Steel Corporation 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 2021 10-K, p. 4 102-3 Location of headquarters Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
102-4 Location of operations 2021 10-K, p. 4 102-5 Ownership and legal form 2021 10-K, p. 41 102-6 Markets served 2021 10-K, p. 6 102-7 Scale of the organization 2021 10-K, p. 4 102-8 Information on employees and other workers 2021 Sustainability Report, Empowering People: Diversity Equity and Inclusion p. 45. 
Total number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender Female Full Time 9.8% of workforce in US/Female Part Time 37% of workforce in U.S.
102-9 Supply chain Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Sustainable Procurement Policy 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 2021 10-K, Business (Segments pp. 4–5, Human Capital Management p. 9)
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Organizational Profile. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 74. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-11 Precautionary principle or approachEnvironmental stewardship is a core value at U. S. Steel, firmly embedded as one of our S.T.E.E.L. Principles. We know we must operate our facilities in an environmentally responsible manner and take steps to protect and preserve our shared natural resources. As a company, U. S. Steel articulates our core value of environmental stewardship through three basic principles that are the responsibility of all our employees and our operations. These principles are:
Compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 
Continuous improvement in environmental and resource management. 
Continued reduction of GHG emissions through innovation. 
With a focus on these principles, U. S. Steel collaborates with industrial organizations and in collaboration with our peer companies to promote sustainable and cost-effective environmental strategies through the development of appropriate air, water, waste and climate-change laws and regulations at the local, state, national, and international levels.
102-12 External initiatives 2021 Sustainability Report, Community Engagement p. 55 102-13 Membership of associations 2021 Sustainability Report, Collaborations and Associations p. 43 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 3, 5–7. See statements from board chair and CEO.
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Organizational Profile. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 75. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 2021 Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance p. 29. 
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS TIME HORIZON. 
PHYSICAL RISKS Risk of flooding which can lead to increased depreciation costs, productivity loss, and supply chain disruption Long term. 
Risk of heat stress at facilities could lead to increased depreciation costs and productivity loss Long term. 
Risk of natural disasters leading to supply chain and operational disruptions Short-medium term. 
Risk of supply chain disruption due to sea level rise and other weather events Long term. 
TRANSITIONAL RISK Risk of carbon pricing which could cause increased operating costs Medium term. 
Risk of not transitioning to lower emission technologies, which could lead to reduced market share and increased capital expenditures Long term. 
Risk of shortages and increased cost of raw materials Long term. 
Risk of increased cost of electricity Short-medium term. 
OPPORTUNITIES Opportunity to increase consumption of steel used in production and distribution of renewable energy Short-medium term. 
Opportunity to expand low-carbon products (sustainable steel) to meet the increased market demand Short-medium term. 
Opportunity to expand specialized products (electrical steel) to meet the increased market demand Short-medium term. 
Our Best for All® strategy is focused on providing customers with profitable steel solutions for people and planet, creating a more sustainable future for all our stakeholders. This strategy is informed by assessment of the climate-related risks and opportunities in our industry as well as potential climate impacts on our facilities, customers and suppliers.
For more information, see 2021 10-K, Item 1A: Risk Factors, pp. 24–32.; 2021 TCFD Report, Strategy p. 5. 
Strategy. 
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Organizational Profile. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 76. 
DISCLOSURES


Ethics & Integrity. 
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Organizational Profile. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Code of Ethical Business Conduct 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 2021 Sustainability Report, Ethics and Compliance, p. 21. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 77. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-18 Governance structure 2021 Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance p. 26 2022 Proxy Statement, Corporate Governance framework pp. 18–19, Board Committees pp. 24–25 102-19 Delegating authority 2022 Proxy Statement, Board Oversight of Sustainability and Corporate Governance, p. 27 2021 Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance p. 26. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for managing the business and affairs of the company. Our Board does this by appointing and overseeing officers who run the day-to-day operations of the company, and ensuring appropriate governance processes are in place such as regular reporting to the Board on a variety of topics, including economic, environmental, and social topics, to appropriately exercise oversight. Certain matters are delegated to the standing committees of the Board for more specific oversight, such as sustainability, enterprise risk management, and public policy matters.
A strong governance program is essential to the oversight of sustainability. Each board committee meets at least quarterly and is comprised of entirely independent Directors. We have a formal sustainability steering team that meets monthly, and an Executive Environmental and Sustainability Committee composed of all of our C-suite executives, including our CEO.
The Head of Sustainability and the Corporate Sustainability team drive the evolution of the corporate sustainability strategy throughout all business segments and lead the development of corporate- and business-level sustainability plans with a particular focus on carbon reduction strategies. This includes evaluating and monitoring stakeholder expectations and megatrends such as climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Head of Sustainability reports to the SVP, Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer, who has responsibility for the sustainability program throughout the enterprise. The Head of Sustainability chairs the Sustainability Steering Committee, which is comprised of key members from Sustainability, Strategy, Finance/Risk, Environmental Affairs, Compliance/Legal, Procurement, Operations, Corporate Governance, Government Affairs, Human Resources, and Communications/ Public Affairs. The committee meets on a monthly basis and drives the sustainability strategy throughout the company, taking a strategic view of the issues and reporting to the CEO and Executive Committee. The committee is responsible for setting and communicating sustainability metrics, goals, and performance in addition to coordinating internal and external sustainability-related communications such as the annual Sustainability Report.
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Governance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 78. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics 2021 Sustainability Report, Risk Management Structure p. 27 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics 2021 Sustainability Report, Risk Management p. 27 2021 Sustainability Report, Community Engagement p. 55 2022 Proxy Statement, Commitment to stakeholder engagement pp. 28–29.
102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees 2022 Proxy Statement, Election of Directors pp. 8–17 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 2022 Proxy Statement, Corporate Governance Board Leadership Structure p. 20. 
The Board regularly considers the appropriate leadership structure for U. S. Steel. It has concluded that the Corporation and its stockholders are best served by the Board retaining discretion to determine whether the same individual should serve as both Chief Executive Officer and Board Chair, or whether the Board Chair should be an independent director. The Board believes that it is important to retain the flexibility to make this determination at any given point in time based on what will provide the best leadership structure, taking into account the needs of U. S. Steel at that time. David S. Sutherland currently serves as the independent Board Chair. If the Board Chair is not independent, then the independent directors will elect from among themselves a Lead Director. The Board Chair (or Lead Director) is elected annually by the Board.
102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 2022 Proxy Statement, Election of Directors pp. 8–17 102-25 Conflicts of interest 2022 Proxy Statement, Election of Directors pp. 8–17. 
Conflicts of Interest Policy. 
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Governance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 79. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy. 
The Board of Directors oversees the Company’s purpose, values and strategy, including approving our Code of Ethical Business Conduct which outlines our S.T.E.E.L. Principles. Through its standing committees, the Board delegates oversight of specific topics, including sustainability, social topics, environmental matters and certain policies, as outlined in the respective committee charters.
Each committee meets quarterly and is comprised of entirely independent Directors. The full Board of Directors maintains direct oversight of health and safety and environmental matters. The Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee has been delegated oversight of the company’s sustainability program, initiatives, disclosures and goals. The Audit Committee retains oversight of the company’s enterprise risk management program, which includes monitoring risks related to macroeconomic, social, regulatory and climate related topics.
The Board, in overseeing the corporate strategy, considers risks and opportunities, including climate related risks and opportunities.
2022 Proxy Statement, Corporate Governance pp. 26–27. 
Corporate Governance & Sustainability Committee Charter 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body 2022 Proxy Statement, Director Nominee Skill Matrix, p. 11–17 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2022 Proxy Statement, p.18; Performance Highlights, p. 27. 
The Board discharges its responsibilities through regularly scheduled meetings as well as through telephonic meetings, actions by written consent and other communications with management as appropriate. U. S. Steel expects directors to attend all meetings of the Board and the Board committees upon which they serve, and all annual meetings of its stockholders.
During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Board held seven meetings and numerous interim conference calls.
All of the directors attended in excess of 75% of the meetings of the Board and the committees on which they served.
All of the then-serving directors attended the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts 2021 TCFD Report, Risk Management p. 8–9 2021 Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance p. 26 2022 Proxy Statement, Corporate Governance Sustainability Framework pp. 26–27, Commitment to Stakeholder Engagement pp. 28–29.
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Governance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 80. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes 2021 Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance p. 26 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics 2021 Sustainability Report: Corporate Governance p. 27 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting 2021 Sustainability Report: Corporate Governance p. 28 102-33 Communicating critical concerns 2022 Proxy Statement, Communications from Stockholders and Interested Parties p. 29 102-35 Remuneration policies 2022 Proxy Statement, Compensation Discussion and Analysis: Our Compensation Process pp. 49–51, Elements of Compensation pp. 51–52, Compensation Policies and Other Considerations pp. 58–60 102-36 Process for determining remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement, Compensation Discussion and Analysis: Our Compensation Process pp. 49–51 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement, Proposal 2: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation, p. 33 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio 2022 Proxy Statement, CEO Pay Ratio p. 75 102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio 2022 Proxy Statement, CEO Pay Ratio p. 75. 
The disclosure below presents the ratio of annual total compensation of our CEO to the annual total compensation of our “Median Employee,” (calculated in accordance with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K) excluding our CEO for the last two years, as reported in our 2022 and 2021 proxy statements. The 47% yearover-year increase is primarily due to (i) above target payout of annual non-equity incentive compensation following a year of exceptional company financial performance, (ii) the grant to the CEO of a strategic transformation award, an equity award linked to rigorous strategic goals, including GHG emissions reductions and (iii) the year over year change in the form of long-term performance grants from cash to equity, which, in conformance with SEC requirements, are reported in 2021 for equity, while the 2020 performance-award grants were made in cash and will not be reported until a payout is made, if any, in 2023.
2021 was 172 to 1 2020 was 117 to 1. 
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Governance. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 81. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Stakeholder Engagement. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Approximately 80% of our employees in the United States and Slovakia are covered by collective-bargaining agreements, guided by the National Labor Relations Act in the United States and the Law on Collective Bargaining in Slovakia. We work closely with union representatives to provide safe and productive workplaces that enable our employees to deliver high-quality products and meet the needs of our customers. Our partnership with the United Steelworkers includes not only a commitment to safety programs, but also a common approach to combating the unfairly traded imports that threaten our industry, our company, and ultimately, the jobs of our employees.
102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 2021 Sustainability Report, Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement, p. 19 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 2022 Proxy Statement, p. 28. 
Reporting Practice. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 2021 10-K, Exhibit 21: Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures as of December 31, 2021 pp. 525–526 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 2021 Sustainability Report, Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement p. 19 102-47 List of material topics 2021 Sustainability Report, Material Topics and Stakeholder Engagement p. 19 102-48 Restatements of information 2021 10-K pp. 333, 380 102-49 Changes in reporting None 102-50 Reporting period For the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2021 102-51 Date of most recent report 2020 Sustainability Report, released June 16, 2021 102-52 Reporting cycle Annually. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 82. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report Erika Chan General Manager — Sustainability Sustainability@uss.com 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards This report references disclosures from the GRI Standards.
This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option.
102-55 GRI content index 2021 Sustainability Report, GRI Index p. 74 102-56 External assurance U. S. Steel has received limited, third-party assurance over Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions as well as days away from work safety data that is reported in the Sustainability Report. The 2021 Sustainability Report is not externally assured. The letter can be accessed on our website.
GRI INDEX GENERAL DISCLOSURES Stakeholder Engagement. 
Management Approach. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 2021 Sustainability Report, U. S. Steel ESG Materiality Assessment Results p. 19 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report, ESG at U. S. Steel ESG Materiality Assessment Results p. 19 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 2021 TCFD Report, Risk Management Process and Integration into Overall Risk Management (pp. 8–10)
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 83. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ECONOMIC Economic Performance. 
GRI INDEX ECONOMIC Market Presence. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2021 Form 10-K Summary, Item 7: Management’s discussion Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, p. 43 202-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 2021 Form 10-K Summary, Item 1A: Risk Factors, p. 24, We designated our three global syndicated revolving credit facilities as Sustainability Linked Loans to incorporate our sustainability related goals and values.
2021 Sustainability Report, ESG at U. S. Steel Risk Management, p. 27 2021 TCFD Report Metrics & Targets, Entered into sustainability-linked financing arrangements, with climate-related targets to align the company’s financial goals with its sustainability goals, p. 9. 
Risks, p. 8 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans 2021 10-K, (Pension and Other Post-employment Benefits, Net Periodic Benefit Costs, Funded Status of Pension/OPEB Plans); Note 18: Pensions and other Benefits, p. 29, 68 201-4 Financial assistance received from government 2021 10-K, pp. 101–102. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender compared to local minimum wage We pay 100% of our workforce over the minimum wage. Most of our employees are under labor agreements which dictate the starting wage for all employees, regardless of gender. For all non-contract employees, we use market data to pay all genders competitively.
202-2 Proportion of senior management hired from the local community We define senior management as our senior manager level and above roles. In 2021, 57% of our new hires were local. We define local as within driving distance of one of our operations. This statistic is for all U.S. locations.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 84. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ECONOMIC Indirect Economic Impacts. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported U. S. Steel has begun the process of building a new 3 million ton state-of-the-art mini mill in Osceola, Arkansas. This $3 billion investment will provide “builtfor-purpose” steelmaking supported by a comprehensive suite of finishing assets, including Advanced High-Strength Steels. We are expanding our mini mill steelmaking capability as we continue to transition towards sustainable, lower greenhouse gas emission steelmaking. This investment is a platform to provide our customers with more of the green steel they expect from like-minded partners like U. S. Steel.
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts 2021 Sustainability Report, Empowering People Community Engagement, p. 55. 
Anti-Corruption. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Anti-Corruption Policy. 
Although our operations are located entirely in countries in the top third of Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index, we may occasionally do business with customers and suppliers in higher-risk countries. Our anti-corruption management system is based on a comprehensive corruption risk assessment that is periodically updated and enables us to address the specific risks that we face.
Our procedure for risk-based due diligence reviews of business partners is designed to identify foreign government ties, prior corrupt behavior, and other corruption-related risk factors. We have developed an internal monitoring system consisting of periodic reviews of select business partners and transactions to ensure that our corruption risks are being mitigated. Of course, our compliance training program, whistleblower reporting mechanisms, and misconduct investigation process are integral components of our anti-corruption management system in that they ensure that employees understand what is expected of them and that any concerns are promptly raised and addressed.
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures 2021 Sustainability Report, Ethics & Compliance, p. 21. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 85. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Environmental. 
Environmental stewardship is a core value at U. S. Steel, firmly embedded as one of our S.T.E.E.L. Principles. We know we must operate our facilities in an environmentally responsible manner and take steps to protect and preserve our shared natural resources. As a company, U. S. Steel articulates our core value of environmental stewardship through three basic principles that are the responsibility of all our employees and our operations.
With a focus on these principles, U. S. Steel collaborates with industrial organizations and in collaboration with our peer companies to promote sustainable and cost-effective environmental strategies through the development of appropriate air, water, waste and climate-change laws and regulations at the local, state, national, and international levels.
These principles are:
Compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 
Continuous improvement in environmental and resource management. 
Continued reduction of GHG emissions through innovation. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 86. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Materials. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Steel can be recycled over and over without any loss of quality in the material itself. In 2021 we also recycled approximately 3.2 million metric tons of blast furnace slag and an additional 235 thousand metric tons of steelmaking slag by selling it for use in aggregate and in highway construction. By using blast furnace and coke oven gases generated in our facilities as energy, between 2018 and 2020 we have saved enough natural gas and other fuels to heat nearly 1 million households each year.
2021 Recycled Materials US (metric tons) USSK (metric tons)
Scrap Steel 4,357,278 878,941. 
Sinter 1,542,898 3,208,700. 
Blast Furnace Slag Off-Site Use 2,026,678 1,221,148. 
Spent Pickle Liquor Regeneration 183,303 90,020. 
Steel Slag Off-Site Use 77,231 158,068. 
Briquettes 114,032 28,119. 
Mill Scale Off-Site Use 109,137 5,578. 
Byproduct Coke Plant Process Residues 4,635 4,173. 
Spent Pickle Liquor Off-Site Reuse 22,443 0. 
EAF Slag Off-Site Use 15,281 0 8,452,916 5,594,747. 
Total 14,047,663. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 87. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Energy. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization U. S. Steel Annual Total Energy Usage For The North America Operations (million megawatt hours of energy) 0
10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90. 
Total 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
U. S. Steel Annual Total Energy Usage For The European Operations (million megawatt hours of energy) 0
5 10 15 20 25 30. 
Total 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy use is reported in megawatt hours and includes all forms of energy consumed converted to megawatt hours. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 88. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 302-3 Energy intensity U. S. Steel Annual Energy Usage Intensity And Production For The North America Operations Intensity units — megawatt hours of energy per metric ton of raw steel produced Raw Steel Produced units — million metric tons 0
2 4
6 8
10 7.73 7.78 8.10 7.91 6.44 0
4 8
12 16 20 11.92 8.52 10.35 10.79 9.82. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Total Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
U. S. Steel Annual Energy Usage Intensity And Production for the European Union Operations Intensity units — megawatt hours of energy per metric ton of raw steel produced Raw Steel Produced units — million metric tons 0
2 4
6 8
10 6.00 6.10 6.48 6.70 6.10 0
2 4
6 8
10 4.47 3.05 3.54 4.56 4.62. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Total Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy intensity is based on the total energy consumption in megawatt hours divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced in North America as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are converted into finished steel products.
Energy intensity is based on the total energy consumption in megawatt hours divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced in the EU as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are converted into finished steel products.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Energy. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 89. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 302-3 (continued) Energy intensity U. S. Steel Annual Energy Usage Intensity And Production for the Global Operations Intensity units — megawatt hours of energy per metric ton of raw steel produced Raw Steel Produced units — million metric tons 0
2 4
6 8
10 7.17 7.28 7.69 7.59 6.34 0
5 10 15 20 25 16.39 11.57 13.89 15.35 14.43. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Total Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy intensity is based on the total energy consumption in megawatt hours divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced globally as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are converted into finished steel products.
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 2021 Sustainability Report, Environment — Management Systems, p. 86. 
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Energy. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 90. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Water And Effluents. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource U. S. Steel’s facilities use water for both cooling and process purposes. U. S. Steel is committed to reducing our water consumption and implements conservation practices to meet the goal. Numerous processes use water-recycle systems that return water for reuse in operations, drastically reducing the amount of water brought into plants.
Plants are located in areas with low to low-medium water scarcity impacts. Although drought conditions and water conservation regulations have not historically impacted operations, U. S. Steel is aware of our responsibility to continually update and implement best management practices to further environmental preservation. When recycling is not feasible, proper treatment and discharge to local waterways is utilized in compliance with all state and local regulations.

INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 91. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource. 
Environmental Management Policy, Water 2021 Sustainability Report, Environment — Water, p. 93 “Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas” maps by WRI are licensed under CC BY 4.0. Dots added to originals to show U. S. Steel facility locations. 
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Water And Effluents. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 92. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Water And Effluents. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Permitting. 
U. S. Steel facilities include more than 20 locations with more than 100 outfalls regulated by the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) program. We regularly sample for submission to the proper regulatory agencies in accordance with permit requirements. Prior to discharging to public waterways, process water is treated using both chemical and physical processes, such as pH control, precipitation, sedimentation, filtration, and solids removal and dewatering.
Stormwater. 
Stormwater is also regulated through the NPDES program. Each facility has its own stormwater management practices that it implements along with routine inspections and sampling. Methods to manage stormwater quality are referred to as Best Management Practices (BMPs). Some stormwater-specific BMPs include raw material management, street sweeping, catch basin filtration, and stormwater containment areas. In addition to BMPs, several facilities also use full-scale treatment for stormwater prior to discharge.
Wastewater Treatment. 
U. S. Steel is responsible for the operation and maintenance of more than 40 wastewater treatment plants (WWTP). These plants are tasked with treating site-specific process water, ranging from waste oil to hazardous waste, before discharging from U. S. Steel property. Some properties also maintain their own sanitary plants.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 93. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Water And Effluents. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 303-3 303-4 303-5. 
Water withdrawal. 
Water discharge. 
Water consumption Facility1 Year. 
Total Withdrawal2 (megaliters) Total Recycled (megaliters)
Total Discharged (megaliters)
Total Consumption (megaliters)
All 2021 1,174,735 874,136 1,009,241 165,494. 
Water Recycling. 
The tailings basin utilized at Minntac provides an example of water recycling, ensuring that 90–95% of effluent discharge is reclaimed to satisfy operational water demand. This equates to the reuse of 43,000 gallons per minute, or 62 million gallons per day. U. S. Steel is committed to reusing as much of our effluent as possible to reduce process water demands and potential downstream impacts.
Another water conservation measure is to use treated process water as a source of cooling water for the blast furnace slag pits. U. S. Steel also uses leakdetection measures and monitoring of processes, influent water, and effluent water to assist in conservation measures. An example of this is the addition of a seep collection and return system at the western portion of the Minntac plant.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 94. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Biodiversity. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 2021 Sustainability Report, Biodiversity, p. 96. 
Environmental Management Policy, Biodiversity 304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products, and services on biodiversity Whether within our plants or through our raw material mining operations, U. S. Steel’s footprint stretches over a large portion of the countries where we operate. Within that expanse, we operate in a variety of environments that each have different climates, flora, and fauna. It is our responsibility to respect the environments surrounding our operations and maintain their biodiversity. Because each site is unique, we tailor operating procedures and protection plans to minimize the impacts to biodiversity.
We consider the impacts on wildlife, including protected species (such as the northern long-eared bat and the Karner blue butterfly) when applying for construction and operating permits. 
We develop and promote the development of wildlife habitats on and around our facilities. 
We remediate and restore former U. S. Steel properties, allowing them to be used for new residential, commercial and industrial purposes. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 95. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 304-3 Habitats protected or restored Along with minimizing the negative effects of operations on biodiversity, U. S. Steel also takes steps to have a positive impact on surrounding areas. At Great Lakes Works, where a snake habitat was constructed by U. S. Steel to promote native biodiversity. Turtle nesting habitats have been placed along Lake Michigan at Gary Works as well. Some of our sites, such as Minntac in Minnesota, peacefully coexist with wildlife including deer, turkey, moose, and lynx.
A major remediation project was recently completed at our former Geneva Steel mill property in Utah. Approximately 180 acres were restored for future redevelopment at the site. To date, more than 90% of the site has been restored, with a large portion now home to new residential, commercial, and industrial buildings, warehouses, related manufacturing, and shipping facilities.
We were particularly pleased and excited to find that a pair of bald eagles were nesting at the Irvin plant along the Monongahela River in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania. This is the third year that the eagles have nested at the Irvin site.
In 2007, U. S. Steel’s Keetac facility enrolled 10,420 acres of its property in a Minnesota program created by the Sustainable Forest Incentive Act. This allows the general public to have year-round, non-motorized access to the property for purposes of hunting, trapping and other outdoor activities. The availability of this property to the general public is a significant contribution to the region, providing local residents access to an area that is rich in wildlife and natural resources.
U. S. Steel’s Great Lakes Works and the organization Friends of the Detroit River collaborated to complete a habitat restoration project along a portion of the Detroit River. Land was cleared and new trees and shrubs were planted. Sand runways were constructed to help turtles reach nesting areas along the riverbank. Bird boxes and a snake habitat were also constructed. The project was funded by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Great Lakes National Program Officer through a Great Lakes Restoration Initiative grant.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Biodiversity. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 96. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions U. S. Steel Annual Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions For The North America Operations (million metric tons of CO2e) 0
5 10 15 20 25 30. 
GHG Protocol 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions are reported in metric tons of total carbon, methane and nitrous oxide converted to carbon dioxide equivalents and excludes GHG emissions from on-site landfills. The annual amounts vary based on a variety of factors including facilities operating, production levels, and energy efficiency projects implementation.
U. S. Steel Annual Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions For The European Union Operations (million metric tons of CO2e) 0
5 10 15 20. 
EU ETS 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions are reported in metric tons of total carbon converted to carbon dioxide equivalents and excludes GHG emissions from on-site landfills. The annual amounts vary based on a variety of factors including facilities operating, production levels, and energy efficiency projects implementation.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 97. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions U. S. Steel Annual Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions For The North America Operations (million metric tons of CO2e) 0
2 4
6 8
10. 
GHG Protocol 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions are reported in metric tons of total carbon, methane and nitrous oxide converted to carbon dioxide equivalents and excludes GHG emissions from on-site landfills. The annual amounts vary based on a variety of factors including the use of grid specific emissions factors, electricity generation, facilities operating, production levels, and energy efficiency projects implementation.
U. S. Steel Annual Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions For The European Union Operations (million metric tons of CO2e) 0
1 2
3 4
5. 
GHG Protocol 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions are reported in metric tons of total carbon converted to carbon dioxide equivalents and excludes GHG emissions from on-site landfills. The annual amounts vary based on a variety of factors including the use of grid specific emissions factors, electricity generation, facilities operating, production levels, and energy efficiency projects implementation.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 98. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-4 GHG emissions intensity U. S. Steel Annual Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity And Production For The North America Operations Intensity units —metric tons of CO2e per metric ton of raw steel produced 0
2 4
6 8
10 2.42 2.41 2.46 2.34 1.90 0
4 8
12 16 20 11.92 8.52 10.35 10.79 9.82. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Scope 1 Scope 2 Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions intensity is based on the total quantity in metric tons of GHG emissions calculated in accordance with GHG Protocol standards divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced in North America as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are processed into finished steel products.
U. S. Steel Annual Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity And Production For The European Union Operations Intensity units —metric tons of CO2e per metric ton of raw steel produced 0
2 4
6 8
10 2.02 2.06 2.14 2.19 2.03 0
2 4
6 8
10 4.47 3.05 3.54 4.56 4.62. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Scope 1 Scope 2 Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions intensity is based on the total quantity in metric tons of GHG emissions calculated in accordance with GHG Protocol and EU ETS standards divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced in the EU as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are processed into finished steel products.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 99. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-4 (continued) GHG emissions intensity U. S. Steel Annual Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity And Production For The Global Operations Intensity units —metric tons of CO2e per metric ton of raw steel produced 0
2 4
6 8
10 2.29 2.31 2.38 2.30 1.93 0
5 10 15 20 25 16.39 11.57 13.89 15.35 14.43. 
Intensity. 
Raw Steel Produced. 
Scope 1 Scope 2 Raw Steel Produced 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
GHG emissions intensity is based on the total quantity in metric tons of GHG emissions calculated in accordance with GHG Protocol and EU ETS standards divided by the total quantity in metric tons of raw steel produced globally as published in the U. S. Steel Annual Report and that are processed into finished steel products.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 100. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-4 (continued) GHG emissions intensity. 
Area Units Scope 1 Intensity Scope 2 Intensity Total Intensity. 
Global metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.77 0.16 1.93. 
Europe metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 2.01 0.02 2.03. 
North America metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.68 0.22 1.90. 
North America by business. 
Integrated metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 1.93 0.05 1.98. 
Mini mills metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 0.22 0.19 0.41. 
Tubular metric tons CO2e/metric tons raw steel 0.37 0.43 0.80. 
Pellets metric tons CO2e/metric tons pellets 0.09 0.05 0.14 6. NA Integrated includes all operations at Gary Works, Granite City Works, and Mon Valley Works, including coke production at the latter. 7. Mini mills include all operations at Big River Steel. 8. Tubular includes the Fairfield Works EAF melt shop and the Fairfield Tubular Seamless Pipe Mill. 9. Pellets includes mining, beneficiation, and pelletizing operations at both Minntac and Keetac. 10. Stand-alone finishing facilities are not included in the splits but are included in the North America and Global roll-ups.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 101. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions In order to protect air quality, the United States Environmental Protection Agency and state and local environmental agencies have enacted laws to regulate air emissions from various sources.
Many of our facilities have Title V operating permits that are required by the Clean Air Act. These permits are enforceable by the issuing agency, usually the state, as well as the USEPA. The Title V permit is unique for each facility, is comprehensive, and is intended to include “all applicable requirements” under the Clean Air Act and underlying regulations that apply to the facility. The permits include emissions limits and standards and work-practice requirements, as well as air pollution control equipment, stack testing, monitoring, record-keeping, and reporting requirements. U. S. Steel is required to provide periodic monitoring reports to the regulatory authorities and certify compliance at least annually, identifying any deviations from the applicable requirements.
Some of our facilities are not required to have a Title V permit. These facilities are typically regulated by installation permits, construction permits, minor source operating permits, permit-by-rules, or a combination of these regulatory and permitting mechanisms. Included in the various permit or rule types are conditions that limit the amount of air emissions; applicable federal, state, and local authority regulations; work practice standards; and monitoring related to the operations and maintenance of air pollution control equipment, reporting of process conditions, and record-keeping requirements.
U. S. Steel is committed to environmental progress and strives for 100% compliance with all federal, state, and local agencies’ rules, regulations, and permit conditions, even as the regulations become more stringent.
Air Emissions — Tons 2021. 
NOx 26,511. 
SO2 11,837. 
VOC 1,754. 
CO 179,365. 
Lead 2.32. 
PM10* 8,239. 
PM2.5* 6,506 * PM10 and PM2.5 for Kosice based on average PM10/PM and PM2.5/PM ratio for other U. S. Steel sites. 
NOx is produced from a variety of sources, such as car engines, agricultural activities, industrial operations, and even lightning. At our facilities, the primary source of NOx generation is from the combustion of fuels. NOx is a regulated pollutant but is also a precursor to ozone and PM2.5 (particulate matter of 2.5 microns or smaller). In 2021, we set a corporate NOx intensity goal of a 10% reduction by 2030, using 2018 as a baseline year.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Emissions. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 102. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Waste. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Steel Scrap. 
In 2021, U. S. Steel recycled approximately 5.2 million metric tons of scrap steel in our integrated and mini mills. Steel can be recycled over and over without any loss of quality to the products being produced.
Blast Furnace and Steel Slag. 
In 2021, U. S. Steel recycled approximately 3.2 million metric tons of blast furnace slag and 235,299 metric tons of steel slag. Blast furnace (iron) slag and basic oxygen furnace (steel) slag are highly sustainable products that are used in place of natural aggregates, such as limestone and gravel, in numerous construction and product applications. Blast furnace slag is used in cement manufacturing, asphalt mixes, glass manufacturing, precast concrete, wallboard, mineral wool, and sub-base for road and interstate highway construction. Steel slag, which like blast furnace slag can be used in cement manufacturing and asphalt mixes, is also recycled in applications such as landfill daily cover and internal haul roads, phosphorus removal in wastewater treatment, ground water remediation, reactive barrier walls, and agricultural applications, including as a liming agent and micronutrient in fertilizer. Use of iron and steel slag in place of mined and quarried rock and mineral aggregates saves these natural resources and reduces the impact to the environment.
U. S. Steel also works with outside organization to repurpose our used equipment. Examples include transforming used conveyor belts into rubber mats and used tires from our mining mobile equipment into feeding and water troughs for livestock. At USSK, construction waste like concrete, debris, and ceramics from reconstruction and modernization projects is reused by third parties, a recycling effort that has continuously minimized the use of landfills.
Other Cokemaking and Steelmaking Recyclable Materials. 
U. S. Steel recycles several other materials from the byproduct, cokemaking, ironmaking, steelmaking, and steel finishing operations. In 2021, 8,808 metric tons of process materials from the cokemaking byproducts plant were collected and returned directly to coke ovens. Carbon, iron, and steel bearing residuals, such as coal and coke fines, taconite pellet fines, blast furnace and steel furnace air pollution control dusts and sludges are used to produce sinter and briquettes, which are then used as feedstocks for ironmaking and steelmaking, respectively. This included the production of approximately 4.8 million metric tons of sinter, which was used in the blast furnaces, along with 142,151 metric tons of briquettes that was used in the blast furnaces and Basic Oxygen Process (BOP) furnaces.
An additional 114,715 metric tons of mill scale not used internally to make sinter or briquettes was sold to cement manufacturers, which use the mill scale for its iron content, a critical ingredient in cement. Hydrochloric acid, which is used in steel pickling operations to remove heavy iron oxide rust from the surface of steel coils to prepare the coils for surface coating, results in an iron oxide rich material called spent pickle liquor. The spent pickle liquor is recycled by being sent to a recycling plant to regenerate the hydrochloric acid and return it to plants for reuse in pickling, or it is sold for beneficial use as a wastewater treatment chemical.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 103. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 306-4 (continued) Waste diverted from disposal In 2021, U. S. Steel reused 273,323 metric tons of regenerated hydrochloric acid in the pickling lines and sent 22,443 metric tons off-site for direct beneficial use in wastewater treatment.
Coke Oven Gas and Blast Furnace Gas. 
We reduce the amount of waste generated and emissions produced in steelmaking by reusing the byproduct gases produced in our blast furnaces and coke ovens because it is good for the environment and good for business.
U. S. Steel Mon Valley Works is one of the most energy-efficient integrated iron and steel facilities in the world. The Mon Valley Works reuses gases from blast furnaces and coke ovens to support combustion processes at U. S. Steel’s Clairton, Edgar Thomson, and Irvin facilities, as well as to generate electricity at the Edgar Thomson and Clairton plants. The Mon Valley Works is a certified Alternative Energy System recognized by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (PADEP).
Company wide, by using the blast furnace and coke oven gas generated in our cokemaking and steelmaking activities to power our facilities, we avoided consuming enough natural gas and other fuels from 2018 to 2021 to heat more than 3.2 million households each year.
306-5 Waste directed to disposal Mineral Waste Management. 
At our Minnesota Ore Operations in the Mesabi Iron Range, we operate several highly efficient taconite mines —“Keetac” and “Minntac.” The stockpiling of materials not suitable for processing is regulated by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (MNDNR).
Waste rock and surface material must be removed to uncover the taconite that will be processed. Waste rock and surface overburden are stockpiled around the active mining area and back within previously mined areas. U. S. Steel complies with MNDNR design and construction standards for stockpiles, as well as reclamation standards. Annual reports are sent to MNDNR that address both completed and planned reclamation activities.
Approximately 70% of the processed taconite is non-iron-bearing materials that are generated as tailings. Minntac and Keetac both operate tailings basins for the storage of tailings that are approximately 8,000 and 6,000 acres, respectively. Each of the tailings basins features active interior tailings disposal basins (6,000 acres and 2,400 acres, respectively) with separate exterior perimeter dams. They utilize an instrumentation network around the tailings impoundment to routinely monitor the dam. Routine inspections are performed at both facilities, including observing for dam see page. Inspections are performed by knowledgeable personnel or third-party engineers. Inactive areas of the tailings basins are reclaimed. Dam safety reports that review the annual activities and monitoring are provided to MNDNR annually. MNDNR also conducts independent inspections of reclamation success and dam safety.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Waste. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 104. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 306-5 (continued) Waste directed to disposal Tailings Basin Management. 
At our Keetac and Minntac facilities, the ore mining process requires the beneficiation of taconite to produce high-grade iron ore pellets. The beneficiation process results in 28–30% of the crude ore that is mined becoming product, and 70–72% becoming waste tailings stored in on-site tailings basins.
In 2020, additional monitoring instrumentation was installed at various locations around both basins to help ensure the ongoing safety and stability of the facilities.
Tailings basin dams are regulated by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources. Minnesota Rules 6130 lays out the requirements for metallic mineral mining in Minnesota, including the mine and tailings basin areas. This includes the requirement to obtain a Permit to Mine, which regulates the operation, maintenance, closure, and post-closure of the facilities. Minnesota Rules 6115 includes the requirements for dam safety, which is applicable to the tailings basin storage facilities in the state.
U. S. Steel is a member of the Mineland Vision Partnership (MVP), working with regulatory agencies, mining companies, and communities to plan and design future landscapes that benefit all. The MVP is a regional collaboration that develops opportunities for changing of dynamic minescapes, preserving lands to sustain current and future mining, and providing resources and education.
Both the Keetac and Minntac facilities conduct reclamation activities in compliance with Minnesota Rules 6130, planting vegetation to provide several benefits, including dust mitigation and stormwater controls, in addition to providing wildlife habitats. The facilities work with regulatory agencies to ensure the proper seed mixture is used to maximize growth with use of native species.
GRI INDEX ENVIRONMENTAL Waste. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 105. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX SOCIAL Employment. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover While our overall attrition rate in 2021 was 10%, we experienced a low voluntary attrition level of 4%.
2021 Employee Turnover. 
New hires/Rehires. 
Age Group Female Male. 
Under 30 13% 88% 30–50 15% 85%
Over 50 17% 83%
Attrition. 
Age Group Female Male. 
Under 30 17% 83% 30–50 13% 87%
Over 50 10% 90% 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees. 
As part of our commitment to cultivating a culture of caring, we have inclusive benefits available for our U.S. non-represented workforce, including expanded parental leave, backup dependent care, infertility coverage, gender-confirmation coverage, and healthcare continuation for the families of employees who suffer work-related or military service fatalities. In each of 2020 and 2021, U. S. Steel earned a 100% score on the Human Rights Campaign annual Corporate Equality Index in recognition of our comprehensive and inclusive benefits.
2021 10-K, Steel Industry Background and Competition p. 7 401-3 Parental leave U. S. Steel provides up to eight weeks of paid time off for either parent following the birth of a child, the birth of a child of a domestic partner, or the placement of a child for foster care or adoption. For birth mothers, this new parental leave is in addition to the available short-term disability period of six or eight weeks depending on the type of delivery.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 106. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX SOCIAL Labor/Management Relations. 
GRI INDEX SOCIAL Occupational Health And Safety. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Safety and Industrial Hygiene Policy 2021 Sustainability Report, Safety, p. 54 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation In 2021, we made significant improvements to our hazard identification and risk assessment (HIRA) process, including:
Defining a more systematic approach. 
Development of a customized HIRA module in our Safety Recordkeeping System (SRKS)
Leveraging data from our Risk Registers and HIRA process to guide our safety improvement initiatives. 
We now have a better understanding of our risk profile within each department at our U. S. Steel locations. Our revised HIRA process will enable us to easily prioritize our risk and put our focus and attention on the most hazardous jobs within each operating facility.
One of the principal opportunities for improvement we had in 2021 was the identification and development of an easy-to-use Root Cause Analysis Tool. 5-Why and Fishbone Analysis tools were built directly into the SRKS that allow our management teams to easily identify, analyze, and document the root causes of our incidents with the intention to eliminate repeat events from occurring in the future.
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes U. S. Steel follows all applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding notification to employees prior to operational changes that may affect them. Advance notification and/or consultation of certain operational changes is provided for in certain labor agreements that cover represented U. S. Steel employees.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 107. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 403-3 Occupational health services U. S. Steel employs dedicated internal industrial hygiene professionals who, under the supervision of a Certified Industrial Hygienist, coordinate sampling plans and exposure mitigations with our internal plant medical services to ensure compliance with local, state and federal regulations.
We have established protocols for access to medical records that comply with HIPAA requirements to ensure confidentiality with the affected employees. Access to all medical records and exposure documentation is controlled through our licensed medical professionals. These services are available to all employees through onsite medical facilities.
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety Three seasonal safety campaigns were held this year across U. S. Steel that emphasized worker engagement and the sharing of best practices throughout the corporation.
1. March to Zero 2021: Success is No Accident (March–April) 2. All Summer Long … Stay Safe and Stay Green (May –August) 3. Safety and Environmental … Never Take a Holiday (November –January)
These three safety campaigns included 15 worker engagement activities covering topics such as safety risk identification and elimination, fatality prevention, and safety management processes. We also partnered with our Environmental Affairs Department which coordinated five environmental activities throughout our 2021 safety campaigns. Surveys were conducted, employees were recognized, and best practices were shared routinely throughout the safety campaigns. Every other week, each organization would share the outputs of their engagement efforts on a report out call. In 2022, we look forward to finding new ways to engage our employees on the identification of hazards and the determination of controls to make our workplace safer.
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety U. S. Steel recognizes the importance of ensuring our employees have the education, qualification, and experience necessary to carry out their daily work duties in a manner that will keep them and their coworkers safe. All employees receive routine safety and health training in a multitude of formats to ensure we equip our employees with the skills and knowledge that will positively impact their safety performance. New employee orientation and annual safety awareness training are provided on an annual basis, and task-specific on-the-job training is performed and built into the job qualification requirements of every employee.
GRI INDEX SOCIAL Occupational Health And Safety. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 108. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 403-6 Promotion of worker health In 2021, we continued our commitment to cultivating a culture of caring and inclusivity by maintaining inclusive and family-focused benefit programs for our U.S. non-represented workforce. Programs designed to support an inclusive workplace culture and to attract and retain a diverse workforce include:
Domestic partner coverage: The allowance of eligible domestic partners and eligible children to receive coverage under U. S. Steel’s health and welfare programs. 
Healthcare continuation for work-related or military service fatalities: Healthcare continuation for surviving eligible family members of employees who are fatally injured at work or in the line of duty while on military leave. 
Gender confirmation procedure coverage: Additional medical coverage for treatments and medications associated with gender confirmation. 
In addition, we are fostering our culture of caring through benefit programs designed to further support our employees and their families with new programs, such as:
Parental leave: Up to eight weeks paid time off for either parent following the birth of a child, the birth of a child of a domestic partner, or the placement of a child for foster care or adoption. For birth mothers, this new parental leave is in addition to the available short-term disability period of six or eight weeks depending on the type of delivery. 
Infertility coverage: Additional medical coverage for infertility treatments and medications. 
Bereavement leave: Provides for up to 15 days for immediate family. 
Adoption assistance: The company will reimburse up to $4,000 for eligible expenses related to the adoption of a child. 
Emergency backup care (New for 2021): Provides emergency child or adult dependent care up to 10 times per year (available for both represented and non-represented employees)
COVID-19-Related Data Analytics: A dashboard continues to track COVID-related absences, medical/disability claims, and pandemic-related healthcare usage for each location.
2021 10-K, Employee Health & Safety p. 10 2022 Proxy Statement, Social: Employee Health & Safety, p. 22–23. 
GRI INDEX SOCIAL Occupational Health And Safety. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 109. 
DISCLOSURES


Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 2021 Sustainability Report, Health and Safety, p. 51 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 2021 Sustainability Report, Health and Safety, p. 51 403-9 Work-related injuries 2021 Annual Report, Employee Health and Safety, p. 10 403-10 Work-related ill health 2021 Annual Report, Employee Health and Safety, p. 10. 
GRI INDEX SOCIAL Occupational Health And Safety. 
GRI INDEX SOCIAL Training And Education. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee or training days per employee Throughout the year, we delivered 1,422 distinct Learning & Development training courses to more than 13,000 employees for more than 360,000 hours of employee training. Learning & Development offerings were mainly focused on leadership development and DE&I.
Employee Category Rollup Avg Training Hours per Employee Trained. 
Union 31.14. 
Non-Union 14.44. 
Other 7.24. 
Grand Total 27.70 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 2021 Sustainability Report, p. 110. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 110. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX SOCIAL Diversity And Equal Opportunity. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Job Classification Female Male Total. 
Non-union 18.0% 82.0% 100.0%
Union 7.4% 92.6% 100.0%
Grand Total 9.6% 90.4% 100.0%
Job Classification Under 30 30–50 Over 50 Total. 
Non-union 13.8% 53.9% 32.3% 100.0%
Union 9.2% 48.4% 42.4% 100.0%
Grand Total 10.2% 49.6% 40.3% 100.0%
Job Classification POC White Total. 
Non-union 13.3% 86.7% 100.0%
Union 22.1% 77.9% 100.0%
Grand Total 20.2% 79.8% 100.0% 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men We conduct Pay Equity analysis of our salaried positions and in the organization the average ratio of female to male salary by job level is 100%. For union represented employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement, remuneration is governed by the terms of the relevant labor agreement.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 111. 
DISCLOSURES


GRI INDEX SOCIAL Freedom Of Association And Collective Bargaining. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk Approximately 80% of our employees in North America and Slovakia are covered by collective-bargaining agreements, guided by the National Labor Relations Act in the U.S. and the Law on Collective Bargaining in Slovakia. We work closely with union representatives to provide safe and productive workplaces that enable our employees to deliver high-quality products and meet the needs of our customers. Our partnership with the United Steelworkers includes not only a commitment to safety programs, but also a common approach to combating the unfairly traded imports that threaten our industry, our company, and ultimately, the jobs of our employees.
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs 2021 Sustainability Report, Community Engagement, p. 55 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities 2021 Sustainability Report, Community Engagement, p. 55. 
Disclosure # Disclosure Title Reference/Location 415-1 Political contributions and/or lobbying Political Contributions Policy. 
Political Contributions and Expenditures Report. 
Local Communities. 
Public Policy. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 112. 
DISCLOSURES


SASB Index. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT DISCLOSURES


SUSTAINABLE ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX IS — Iron & Steel Producers. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations 29 million metric tons. 
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations is 31% within European operations.
EM-IS 110a.2 Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets 2021 Sustainability Report, Working Aggressively Toward a Net Zero Carbon Target for 2050, p. 102. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Air Emissions. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) CO, (2) NOx (excluding N2O), (3) SOx, (4) particulate matter (PM10), (5) manganese (MnO), (6) lead (Pb), (7) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (8) polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)
GRI 305-7, p. 67. 
U. S. Steel does not report on MnO or PAHs at this time.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 114. 
DISCLOSURES


Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 130a.1 (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable 1. 374.35 MGJ total energy consumed 2. 7.2% grid electricity 3. Insufficient data on renewables. 
EM-IS 130a.2 (1) Total fuel consumed, (2) percentage coal, (3) percentage natural gas, (4) percentage renewable 1. 342.76 MGJ 2. 65.6% coal 3. 30.9% natural gas 4. 0.3% renewable. 
Energy Management. 
Water Management. 
Waste Management. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) percentage recycled, (3) percentage in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress 1. GRI 303-3, p. 94 2. 74% 3. 0%
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 150a.1 Amount of waste generated, percentage hazardous, percentage recycled. 
GRI 301-3, p. 87. 
U. S. Steel does not report on amount of waste generated and hazardous waste at this time.
SUSTAINABLE ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX IS — Iron & Steel Producers. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 115. 
DISCLOSURES


SUSTAINABLE ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX IS — Iron & Steel Producers. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, and (3) near-miss frequency rate (NMFR) for (a) full-time employees and (b) contract employees. 
U. S. Steel reports 0.06 OSHA Days Away From Work for the Workforce Health & Safety metric.
Workforce Health & Safety. 
Supply Chain Management. 
Activity Metric. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 430a.1 Discussion of the process for managing iron ore and/or coking coal sourcing risks arising from environmental and social issues. 
GRI 102-9, p. 74. 
Sector Code Accounting Metric Response. 
EM-IS 000.A Raw steel production, percentage from: (1) basic oxygen furnace processes, (2) electric arc furnace processes Total steel production: 16.389 million metric tons 1. 82% 2. 18%
EM-IS 000.B Total iron ore production 2021 10-K, Iron Ore, p. 17. 
EM-IS 000.C Total coking coal production 2021 10-K, Coke, p. 18. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 116. 
DISCLOSURES


PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT UN SDG Alignment. 
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are an issue-based agenda launched by the United Nations and adopted by all UN member states in 2015. As the world seeks to unite around these goals, the SDGs have gained significant traction from business organizations across the world. U. S. Steel recognizes the importance of and supports the SDGs through our corporate mission and sustainability program.
We have aligned our sustainability pillars and material topics to the relevant SDGs below.
Celebrate Innovation. 
We enable the development of profitable, sustainable solutions for customers and drive positive outcomes for all stakeholders. This involves material efficiency, energy management, and process and product innovation.
Empower People. 
We maximize the potential of people we impact, internally through employee benefits and development, and externally through community outreach. This includes community engagement, corporate governance, DE&I, health and safety, relationships with unions, and talent management.
Protect the Environment. 
We strive to minimize our environmental footprint through implementation of our greenhouse gas intensity reduction goal, air quality goal and adherence to environmental standards. It requires us to engage with our stakeholders throughout the year and report on our performance to relevant groups across our organization. We are working to ensure our transition to net-zero greenhouse gas emissions is just and equitable for directly affected communities.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 117. 
DISCLOSURES


Legal Disclaimer. 
This report contains information that may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend the forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in those sections. Generally, we have identified such forward-looking statements by using the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “target,” “forecast,” “aim,” “should,” “will,” “may” and similar expressions or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of, among other things, the construction or operation of new or existing facilities, operating performance, trends, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, changes in global supply and demand conditions and prices for our products, statements regarding our future strategies, products and innovations, statements regarding our greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals, risk management, including climate-related risks and opportunities, and statements expressing general views about future operating results. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but instead represent only the Company’s beliefs regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of the Company’s control. It is possible that the Company’s actual results may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results indicated in these forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the time made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. Our Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company’s historical experience and our present expectations or projections, including any failure to meet stated greenhouse gas emissions goals and commitments, and execute our strategies in the timeframe expected or at all. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and those described from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
References to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” and “U. S. Steel,” refer to United States Steel Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries and references to “Big River Steel” refer to Big River Steel Holdings LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated by the context. References to “partner” and “partnership” refer to collaborative arrangements with various third parties, and do not imply or create a joint venture, partnership or any other similar relationship between the parties or any legal obligations on behalf of U. S. Steel or its subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees or agents.
The inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as a characterization regarding the materiality or financial impact (or potential impact) of that information or confirmation or other expectation that the actions described in this report (or related capital investments) will be taken within the time frame described, or at all. For additional information regarding U. S. Steel, please see our current and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE ENVIRONMENT. 
U. S. STEEL | 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT | 118. 
DISCLOSURES


Design by addison.com. 
Contact Us. 
Corporate Headquarters 600 Grant Street Pittsburgh, PA 15219 (412) 433-1121 www.ussteel.com. 
INTRODUCTION HOME ESG AT U. S. STEEL INNOVATION PEOPLE DISCLOSURES ENVIRONMENT