2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report


Inspiring a better world through the power of stories.


4 LETTER FROM OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 5 OUR APPROACH. 
Setting Our Priorities ............................................................................................ 5 Our Refreshed CSR Strategy .............................................................................. 5 FY21 Highlights ........................................................................................................ 7 CSR & ESG Oversight ............................................................................................ 9 Stakeholder Engagement ………........................................................................... 10 Charitable Giving .……….......................................................................................... 11 13 OUR BUSINESSES IN FY21 14 WORLD OF BELONGING: Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
People .........................................………....................................................................... 16 Culture ……….............................................................................................................. 18 Content ………............................................................................................................. 20 Community ………....................................................................................................... 23 Transparency & Accountability ........................................................................... 26 27 WORLD IN BALANCE: Environmental Sustainability. 
Emissions ………........................................................................................................... 29 Water & Oceans ………..............................................................................................31 Waste …...........................................................................................................……....... 33 Materials …......................................................................................................……...... 34 Sustainable Design …......................................................................................…….. 35 Disney Conservation ………..................................................................................... 37 39 WORLD OF HOPE: Community. 
Children’s Hospitals …….......................................................................................….......................... 40 Wish Granting ……..…......................................................................................................................... 44 Volunteerism …….............................................................................................................................…. 45 Stories of Hope in Communities Around the World ……....................................................... 46 47 INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE. 
Employee Experience ………............................................................................................................ 49 Health, Safety & Wellness ……….................................................................................................... 50 Talent Development ………............................................................................................................... 52 Competitive Pay & Benefits ……….................................................................................................. 52 54 OPERATING RESPONSIBLY Corporate Governance ……….......................................................................................................... 55 Ethics ………........................................................................................................................................... 55 Risk Oversight ……….......................................................................................................................... 55 Supply Chain ………............................................................................................................................. 56 Tax Strategy ………............................................................................................................................... 58 Digital Wellness ………...................................................................................................................... 58 Privacy & Cybersecurity ………........................................................................................................ 59 Responsible Marketing ………......................................................................................................... 59 Journalistic Integrity ……….............................................................................................................. 60 Guest & Product Safety ………......................................................................................................... 60 62 LOOKING AHEAD 63 DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS. 
Table of Contents 3 3. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS. 
This report contains links to websites that are not operated by The Walt Disney Company. The website owner’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will apply.
TABLE OF CONTENTS


BOB CHAPEK CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY. 
Letter From Our Chief Executive Officer. 
At The Walt Disney Company, we strive to inspire a better world through the power of stories. We aim to tell stories that mean something to people—stories that illuminate the world around us, spark hope, and bring people closer together. Making a positive difference in our world is part of our DNA as storytellers, and it also guides how we conduct ourselves. We are working together to grow the positive impact we have as a Company— especially in areas where we are uniquely positioned to make a lasting difference. This letter and the report that follows are dedicated to sharing the actions we are taking in our operations and in our communities to address the critical issues facing our planet and fellow human beings.
We embrace a world of belonging through our continuing efforts to promote Diversity, Equity & Inclusion in our workforce and beyond. We believe that greater representation and diversity of thought and experience make us a stronger, more capable, and creative company. To this end, over the past year we took a number of important steps in this area, ranging from implementing new content inclusion standards, to creating platforms where employees and cast members can express themselves and share their personal experiences with others. To enhance transparency and accountability, we expanded reporting of workforce diversity through our Diversity Dashboard. This commitment to diversity is reflected in our Board of Directors as well, with 7 of our 11 Directors representing racial/ethnic or gender diversity, including our Chairman and all four of our committee chairs. This year we also directed more than 50% of the Company’s annual charitable giving to programs serving underrepresented communities, translating to over $150 million.
We support a world in balance through our environmental sustainability efforts aimed at helping to protect the planet we all share. We’re pleased to be making progress towards our ambitious 2030 Environmental Goals, which include a commitment to achieve net zero emissions for our direct operations. In April, we announced we are teaming up with local utility providers to build two new solar facilities expected to come online near Walt Disney World in 2023 that—along with existing solar sources—will power up to 40% of the resort’s annual electricity needs. And we are working diligently towards defining a science-based reduction goal for the Company’s Scope 3 emissions by the end of 2022. We also remain committed to saving wildlife and protecting the magic of nature by continuing to invest millions annually through our Disney Conservation Fund.
We inspire a world of hope and bring comfort and optimism to our communities. This past year we donated more than $290 million in cash and in-kind charitable giving in support of impactful causes. And through the Disney VoluntEARS program, our employees and cast members dedicated more than 340,000 hours to helping others. Whether it’s through food donations, wish granting, our children’s hospital initiative, our COVID-19 response, or other means, we will continue to do our part to help people in need and make the world a better place for everyone. We invest in our people and recognize that our employees and cast members are the most important drivers of our success. At Disney, we offer a total rewards package with competitive pay and benefits and we seek to foster a safe, flexible, and inclusive work environment where employees are empowered to do their best work. In 2021, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we introduced hybrid and remote work options to allow employees whose roles do not require them to be on site to balance their professional and personal needs. Our human capital management strategy prioritizes providing opportunities for growth, development, and career mobility, and our education investment program Disney Aspire continues to offer eligible employees and cast members the opportunity to achieve their career dreams, with more than 12,500 employees enrolled at the end of 2021.
We are committed to operating responsibly at Disney. We are proud of our achievements to date and remain committed to operating our businesses in a responsible and ethical way—from journalistic integrity, to our supply chain, to guest and product safety, and so much more. This is a priority because it is the right thing to do, and it is what our employees and fans expect of us.
As you read through this report, I hope you will share my excitement about the progress we’ve made, as well as the opportunities that lie ahead as we prepare to embark on our second century, while continuing to create the unique brand of magic that only Disney can.
Sincerely, 4 4. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS LETTER FROM OUR CEO


Our Approach “Every company has a unique impact on the world. At Disney, creating stories and experiences that inspire and bring people together is ours. Our stories encourage children and adults to see the world in a positive light, to believe that anything is possible, and to take action to make their world a better place.”
JENNIFER COHEN EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY. 
The Walt Disney Company has a longstanding commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). In 2021, we refreshed our CSR strategy to connect it more deeply to Disney’s corporate mission and commercial offerings, and to embrace our unique opportunities for leadership.
Setting Our Priorities. 
Our refreshed CSR strategy was informed by more than 50 interviews with internal stakeholders, including our CEO and his direct reports, executives, employees in every business and region, and our content creators. We also examined what makes us different. The combination of our expansive global reach and the widespread trust consumers have in the Disney brand, along with our unique and lasting bond with children and families, gives us the ability through our one-of-a kind storytelling to not just positively impact the present, but also inspire the future.
As a global Company operating in many industries and geographies, Disney's CSR strategy is further built around our consideration of a wide, complex, and evolving set of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues. In FY21, our ESG priorities continued to be informed by an evaluation of each issue’s importance to our businesses and society, as well as input from our proactive engagement with internal and external stakeholders; ongoing tracking of expert and proprietary research; benchmarking of peer companies; consulting third-party studies to understand what issues are important to our consumers and other stakeholders and what they expect from Disney; and a review of relevant reporting and evaluation frameworks.
These priority ESG topics, including human capital management, diversity, equity, and inclusion, and climate change, informed the selection of our CSR focus areas, and are addressed in this report as well as on our website. In 2022, we plan to conduct a deeper assessment of our priority issues, including engagement with a third-party expert in this space.
Our Refreshed CSR Strategy. 
Our aim is to inspire a better world through the power of stories.
Throughout this report, you'll read about how Disney inspires a world of belonging by embracing diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplace, our storytelling, our other offerings, and our communities; a world in balance by taking action to help protect our planet; and a world of hope by supporting our communities and especially children.
We also detail how we further our CSR strategy by investing in our employees and cast members and by always striving to operate responsibly.
We are activating our new CSR strategy across our offerings—including our content, experiences, and products; our operations—including how we conduct ourselves behind the scenes; and our charitable giving to maximize the impact of our efforts.
5 5. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
Embrace stories and storytellers who reflect the rich diversity of our world.
Environmental Sustainability. 
Help change the course of our planet’s story, creating a healthier home for people and wildlife.
Community. 
Bring comfort, optimism, and joy to our communities and inspire hope, especially for children.
Investing in Our People. 
Commercially successfully content, experiences, and products. 
Offerings. 
Responsible business practices. 
Operations. 
Grants and in-kind support aligned to our CSR goals. 
Philanthropy. 
Operating Responsibly. 
Inspiring a better world through the power of stories. 
Focus Areas:
Foundational Pillars:
Embedded Into Our Businesses: 6 6. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


1 As of the end of FY21.
2 See Footnote 9 on p. 32.
3 See Footnote 4 on p. 11.
FY21 Highlights. 
Through authentic stories, experiences, and products, and our new Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination, we champion representation in media and entertainment, advance opportunities for diverse communities, and embrace a diverse and inclusive workplace.
DEI Transparency. 
Enhanced through our new. 
Diversity Dashboard. 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 7 of 11 Board Directors. 
Represent gender, racial, or ethnic diversity, including Chairman & committee chairs 46% of Employees. 
Self-identify as people of color in the U.S.1. 
HBCU Engagement. 
Deepened through. 
Disney on the Yard launch. 
Inclusion Standards. 
Introduced to drive representation in front of and behind the camera 50% of Employees. 
Self-identify as women globally1. 
We support communities around the world in ways only Disney can, leveraging the power of our stories and beloved characters, reach of our platforms, and employee and cast member talents.
$290M+ Charitable Giving. 
Total in FY21, including $150M+ directed to underrepresented communities3. 
Community 320+ Tons Food Donated. 
By Disney Parks to support communities impacted by COVID-19 (=540,000 meals) 400,000+
Disney-themed products delivered to 500+ children’s hospitals in the U.S. & Canada 340,000+ Service Hours. 
Contributed by employees and cast members through Disney VoluntEARS. 
Nearly $95M Matched. 
In employee giving through Matching Gifts & VoluntEARS grants in the past decade 5 Hospital Installations. 
Brought Disney experiences to 4 children's hospitals in the U.S. and 1 in Singapore. 
Through our 2030 Environmental Goals, we are working to reduce emissions, use and waste less, lower the impact of our products, build sustainably, and inspire communities to protect the magic of nature together.
Solar Arrays Installed. 
On Castaway Cay and at Hong Kong Disneyland. 
Environmental Sustainability. 
Plastic-free Packaging. 
Introduced for our line of classic dolls. 
Sustainable Seafood. 
Made up 95% of seafood served in our U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line2 $120M+ Invested. 
In community conservation efforts since 1995 61% or 80,000+ Tons. 
Of total Company operational waste diverted from landfill. 
New Solar Announced. 
Including two new 75MW facilities in Florida, expected in 2023 7 7. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


FY21 Highlights (Continued)
Our employees are at the heart of every one of our stories and are the reason we can entertain, inform, and inspire people all over the world. We are focused on investing in our people’s health, safety, and overall wellness; creating a supportive and inclusive culture; and providing opportunities for growth, development, and career mobility.
Flexibility @ Disney. 
Launched, which offers new hybrid and remote work options for employees not required to be on site. 
Nearly 1.5 Million. 
Times employees consumed content on D Learn, Disney’s internal learning platform. 
Health & Wellness. 
Benefits from 2020 carried into 2021, including enhanced benefits for those affected by COVID-19, and continued insurance premium coverage for furloughed employees. 
We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity and adopting governance policies that promote the thoughtful representation of our stakeholders’ interests, and we are committed to conducting business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
Increased Board Oversight. 
By formalizing oversight of ESG and specific ESG priority issues $23M+ in Support. 
Provided through our Supply Chain Investment Program (SCIP) since 2012 to drive improvements in working conditions. 
Met Nutrition Guidelines. 
In 2021, with 100% of food & beverage advertising on media platforms oriented to kids and families meeting our Policy. 
Enhanced ESG Disclosures. 
To better serve stakeholder interests, including additional ESG metrics and an index mapping our CDP survey responses to TCFD. 
Investing in Our People. 
Separation of Duties. 
For the CEO role and the Chairman role, and appointed Susan Arnold as Chairman of the Board. 
Human Capital Management. 
Governance, Oversight & Compliance 12,500+ Employees. 
Enrolled in Disney Aspire, our education investment and career development program, at the end of 2021 9,700+ Employees. 
Participated in our mentoring program in FY21. 
COVID-19 Health & Safety Measures continued in our Parks & Resorts to help keep guests and cast members healthy and safe. 
Mental Health Prioritized through access to Talkspace, Headspace, Unmind, and Grokker. 
Operating Responsibly. 
Investing in Our People 8 8. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


CSR & ESG Oversight. 
Framework Alignment. 
To demonstrate where our efforts align with specific United. 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), a collection of global goals intended to create a better and more sustainable future for all, and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) indicators, a set of standards to guide the disclosure of sustainability information by companies to their investors, you will see relevant icons embedded in line in various sections throughout this report.
► Read more about how our efforts align with specific SDGs and. 
SASB indicators in the Data & Reporting Frameworks section.
CSR and ESG at Disney are led by our Executive Vice President (EVP),
Corporate Social Responsibility, Jennifer Cohen, who reports to our Chief. 
Executive Officer and our Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. She works in close collaboration with our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources. 
Officer, Chief Diversity Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel,
Investor Relations, our business leaders, and their respective teams.
Together they work to develop strategies, policies, programs, compliance practices, and other initiatives to address our priority ESG issues and to infuse our social responsibility priorities into our offerings, operations, and philanthropic giving.
Additionally, the Board of Directors has oversight of ESG. In FY21, the. 
Board delegated general oversight of ESG programs and reporting, such as receiving updates on environmental and sustainability policies and initiatives, to its Governance and Nominating Committee. Our EVP of CSR provides updates on ESG topics at least annually to the Governance and. 
Nominating Committee and to the full Board as needed.
The Board also delegated oversight of specific ESG issues to certain committees. For example, in FY21, the Board delegated oversight of workforce equity matters to the Compensation Committee, and our Chief. 
Human Resources Officer reports to the committee at least annually. In. 
FY21, we also incorporated ESG metrics into the executive bonus plan by emphasizing diversity, equity, and inclusion, which had the highest weighting among non-financial objectives.
 ► Read more about our approach to Corporate Governance in the. 
Operating Responsibly section of this report and about our compensation structure in our Proxy Statement.
9 9. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


Consumers. 
Employees. 
Government. 
Industry & Business Partners. 
NGOs & Social Impact Organizations. 
Shareholders & Investment Community. 
Consumer surveys Focus groups Fan events Social media interactions Customer service emails and calls Cause marketing campaigns. 
Employee surveys and focus groups Town halls Reimagine Tomorrow Conversations Series focused on Diversity, Equity & Inclusion topics Employee volunteering and giving Business unit-specific initiatives (e.g., Disney Studios virtual executive coffees)
Meetings with government officials Filings, letters, and other correspondence Trade associations and policy-based organizations Multi-stakeholder coalitions. 
Industry conferences Industry and multi-stakeholder coalitions Supplier meetings and collaborations. 
Signature social impact initiatives Campaigns (e.g., cause marketing, awareness campaigns) Multi-stakeholder coalitions Charitable giving Employee volunteering and giving Consultation on priority issues (e.g., climate change, human rights, diversity)
Management and Board engagement Earnings announcements Annual shareholders meeting Conferences and events. 
As the world’s premier entertainment company, we have a unique opportunity to reach a wide global audience through our storytelling. Our customer engagement approach helps us utilize Disney’s unique content and experiences to better understand what our consumers expect from us and to inspire millions worldwide to show up as a force for good in our world.
Through a variety of outlets, we participate in a two-way responsive dialogue where we learn what our employees value, their satisfaction, concerns, knowledge, and engagement with key issues at Disney. These are also critical channels for educating and increasing the awareness among our employees about important issues such as diversity, equity, and inclusion, the environment, and more.
We engage actively in policy issues relevant to our businesses, both directly and through industry associations, to help shape constructive policy solutions.
Through engagement with industry leaders and suppliers, we join efforts to create large-scale, industry-wide change, as well as to learn about trends and insights related to our specific businesses.
NGOs and social impact organizations are indispensable partners addressing our world’s challenges, both globally and locally. Their expertise and on-the-ground programs enable us to reach individuals and communities that need us most. Together, we can strengthen our collective purpose. Additionally, these organizations educate us on the evolving trends regarding impact areas and/or regions.
Members of management, the Board, and our Investor Relations team have a strong program of engagement with shareholders. The feedback gathered during these conversations informs the Board’s thinking, including on ESG practices and disclosures.
Stakeholder Group Stakeholder Group Examples of Engagement Examples of Engagement Objective of Engagement Objective of Engagement Stakeholder Engagement. 
We maintain strong relationships with our stakeholders through open, transparent, and responsive dialogue.
We work with a variety of stakeholders representing diverse perspectives—including consumers, employees, government, industry and business partners, nongovernmental and social impact organizations, shareholders, and members of the investment community—as we believe this enhances our ability to identify opportunities and find solutions to some of our most pressing challenges. Ongoing and frequent engagement with key stakeholders informs our CSR strategy by helping us to define and prioritize our ESG issues and better understand current and emerging ESG topics.
10 10. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
Grants that advance authentic representation and increase access and opportunity in media and entertainment.
Environmental Sustainability. 
Grants that protect species and habitats and inspire kids and families to take action for wildlife and the planet.
Community. 
Grants that bring comfort, optimism, and joy to our communities and inspire hope, especially for children.
Commitment to direct >50% of annual charitable giving to programs benefiting underrepresented communities, with a focus on: 4 Charitable giving that we report includes grants specifically directed towards historically underrepresented and protected communities, including the Asian American, Pacific Islander, Black, Hispanic, Native American/Indigenous, and LGBTQ+ communities, as well as People with Disabilities, Veterans and Women. We also include grants to organizations where a percentage of their services reach underrepresented and protected communities. If the organization spends a majority of their efforts on these communities, we count the entire grant, and if the organization does not spend a majority, we count a proration of the grant. For grants to these two types of organizations, we rely on their self-reported percentages regarding communities served. On a sample basis, we validate the percentages that we report.
Charitable Giving Strategy. 
In FY21, successfully contributed >50% of our charitable giving to programs supporting underrepresented communities.4 In FY21, we contributed a total of $290+ million in cash and in-kind charitable contributions.
Charitable Giving. 
Through financial contributions, collaboration with nonprofit organizations, and in-kind donations, Disney brings positive, lasting change to communities around the world. Guided by our charitable giving guidelines, we focus on social impact investments that align to our CSR focus areas, leverage our unique assets and expertise, and address pressing social needs. In the past decade, we have also matched nearly $95 million in employee and cast member personal donations of money and time through our Matching Gifts program and our Disney VoluntEARS Grants.
11 11. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


COVID-19 Support. 
We continued to support our communities impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. We donated medical supplies and other aid to charities to get critical support to those in need, hosted COVID vaccine administration sites at Disneyland and ESPN’s campus, and communicated critical public health messages across our networks and other platforms.
Examples of our efforts in FY21 included: z Disney Parks shared more than 320 tons of food to support local communities heavily impacted by. 
COVID-19 around the world, translating to more than 540,000 meals. Since the start of the pandemic,
Disney Parks has donated nearly 1,300 tons of food, translating to more than 2.1 million meals.
z Disney, ESPN, ABC, Freeform, FX, Hulu, and National Geographic supported the Ad Council and COVID. 
Collaborative’s “It’s Up to You” COVID-19 vaccine education campaign that focused on empowering the. 
American public to get the latest information about COVID-19 vaccines.
z Disney Japan supported Save the Children Japan's initiative to provide more than 1,000 single-parent households with a support box that included food and daily supplies.
z In India, Disney and Star India made a pledge to provide critical healthcare and essential medical equipment to support relief efforts. The team collaborated with CARE India and the United Way of Mumbai to roll out the support.
z ESPN launched the Return to Play Fund, to inspire and support youth in communities of color across North. 
America hardest hit during the pandemic. The support of local community sports organizations encourages kids to exercise and move and provides them with opportunities to grow, succeed, and find pathways to a positive future.
Hong Kong Disneyland joined with Foodlink Foundation to launch Disney Meal Box Express. Since June 2021, the program has provided thousands of healthy, freshly cooked meal boxes to those most impacted by the pandemic in Hong Kong.
12 12. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR APPROACH


Our Businesses in FY21. 
The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to entertain, inform, and inspire people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds, and innovative technologies that make ours the world’s premier entertainment company. The Company is a leading diversified global family entertainment and media enterprise that, in FY21, included. 
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products; Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution; and three content groups—Studios, General Entertainment, and Sports.
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products. 
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products is the global hub that brings. 
Disney’s stories and characters to life through theme parks and resorts, cruise and vacation experiences, and consumer products.
Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution. 
Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution is responsible for delivering The. 
Walt Disney Company’s unparalleled storytelling to fans and families around the world in the evolving ways they prefer to view our content.
Content Groups. 
Our Studios, General Entertainment, and Sports Content. 
Groups produce world-class entertainment, news, and sports programming globally.
13 13. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OUR BUSINESSES


We inspire a world of belonging through stories and storytellers who reflect the rich diversity of our world.
14 14. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


“At Disney, we amplify underrepresented voices and untold stories and champion a multitude of perspectives, recognizing that we are all greater than a single story and we all deserve to feel seen, heard, and understood.”
LATONDRA NEWTON SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF DIVERSITY OFFICER, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY. 
The Walt Disney Company has the opportunity and the responsibility to create authentic, unforgettable stories, experiences, and products that capture the imagination of generations of people around the world. In 2020, we launched a Company-wide initiative to accelerate progress towards a diverse and inclusive workplace, leverage the Company’s resources to advance opportunities for diverse communities, amplify underrepresented voices, and champion the importance of representation in media and entertainment.
We aim to achieve these goals through our People, Culture, Content, and Community efforts and to make our intentions clear through. 
Transparency and Accountability. We call this collective endeavor Reimagine Tomorrow, and in September 2021, we launched a digital destination at. 
ReimagineTomorrow.Disney.com where employees, community partners, and fans can explore the actions we have taken and view diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) performance and data updates. A standalone DEI report will be published and made available to the public on the Reimagine Tomorrow digital platform later this year.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
SV-ME-260a.1; TC-IM-330a.3 15 15. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Imagineer and Disney Research Fellow Imagineer and Disney Research Fellow Lanny Smoot Receives His 100th U.S. Patent Lanny Smoot Receives His 100th U.S. Patent. 
In August 2021, longtime Disney Imagineer and Research. 
Fellow Lanny Smoot received his 100th career patent from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office—a first for anyone at The Walt Disney Company. Achieving his 100th patent, “Systems and Methods of Presenting a Multi-Media. 
Entertainment in a Venue,” is a milestone not often realized by many inventors and makes Lanny one of the most prolific. 
Black inventors in American history.
► Read more about Lanny's achievement here.
Talent Acquisition (TA): Talent Acquisition (TA):
Our talent recruiting, retention, and development efforts prioritize the cultivation of a strong, diverse, and thriving workforce. Disney utilizes many tools to recruit diverse talent and we take care to follow industry best practices, including marketing roles on platforms that reach diverse audiences, incorporating inclusive and accessible language in our job descriptions, interviewing diverse candidate slates, and putting diverse interview panels in place. Our Business Employee Resource Groups (BERGs) share open roles, present at career-focused events and conferences, and provide feedback on our talent sourcing strategies.
We are also developing the DEI confidence and competence of our TA organization to increase representation via recruitment and retention of underrepresented talent. In 2021, we launched a learning curriculum for both TA and hiring leaders with the objective of prioritizing inclusive practices throughout the hiring life cycle. The curriculum, which includes self-directed learning, virtual facilitated experiences, and leader-led trainings, is designed to build knowledge and awareness; support our teams in identifying, attracting, engaging, and advocating for underrepresented talent; and guide leaders through an inclusive interview and selection process. We have laid out a path to reach our global TA professionals and hiring leaders across the enterprise in FY22.
Talent Development & Retention: Talent Development & Retention:
We are working to engage, develop, and retain a diverse workforce and leadership team. For example, we promote accessible workplaces and work to recruit, train, and integrate employees with disabilities following industry best practices. In December 2020, Shanghai Disney Resort demonstrated this by hosting an accessibility forum to share inclusion initiatives and career progression advice for people with disabilities. Further, our Black. 
Talent Network has an explicit goal to accelerate exposure for Black Vice. 
Presidents to senior leaders across the enterprise and provide opportunities for development. And Disney General Entertainment’s two-year Executive. 
Incubator Program works to create a pipeline of the next generation of diverse creative executives.
 ► Access more information on our talent development efforts in the Investing in. 
Our People section of this report.
People. 
The more our workforce reflects our consumers worldwide, the better we’re able to serve them. Additionally, when our employees perceive that Disney’s culture supports their professional development and advancement, they can be authentic, contribute freely, and take pride in our Company.
Our Intention: To progress towards a workforce reflective of the diverse audiences we serve.
► Access featured stories on the people and voices that make our content possible on our Reimagine Tomorrow digital hub.
16 16. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


900+ students from 39 HBCUs joined interactive virtual panels 200+ students enrolled in our mentorship program in 2021 100+ professional interns were hired from HBCUs in 2021, and 23 interns hired were Disney United. 
Negro College Fund scholars “As an HBCU graduate, I am incredibly passionate about the relationships we are forging with HBCUs for greater representation and inclusion at Disney. This collaborative relationship will allow us to better engage, inspire, and hire the next generation of Disney leaders.”
AVIS LEWIS VICE PRESIDENT, HUMAN RESOURCES, WALT DISNEY IMAGINEERING AND CONSUMER PRODUCTS, GAMES AND PUBLISHING. 
In addition to Disney on the Yard, in 2021 we announced the Disney United Negro College Fund (UNCF) Corporate Scholars Program. Through a new $1 million commitment, Disney will support 50 scholars over the course of three years, providing a scholarship, summer internship, and—if applicable and based on location—relocation and housing assistance. In 2021, interns from HBCUs represented 12% of Disney’s total intern population, an increase from the average over the last five years.
SPOTLIGHT: Disney on the Yard. 
We continue to strengthen our partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) to build a robust, long-term pipeline of Black talent. This year, through an enterprise-wide HBCU Engagement Task Force, Disney launched Disney on the Yard, a multifaceted initiative to deepen our relationships with HBCUs through student internships, mentorship opportunities, and engagement efforts.
17 17. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


employees participate in BERGs.
29,000+
Culture. 
We strive to design work environments that inspire optimism and drive innovation for all employees, at all levels. And because we recognize that maintaining an inclusive, supportive workplace requires mindful attention and intention, we continually adapt to the evolving needs of our people.

Our Intention: To put the responsibility for an inclusive culture in the hands of our leaders and employees through comprehensive education and engagement efforts.
Across Disney, we value and encourage curiosity, innovation, collaboration, and ideas from everyone. We support a diverse and inclusive culture through education and engagement efforts and believe these experiences encourage equitable behavior change and promote a foundation of belonging.
Business Employee Resource Groups (BERGs): Business Employee Resource Groups (BERGs):
Disney is proud to support more than 90 BERGs globally, our voluntary, employee-led groups formed around shared identity, interests, and pursuits. This year, our India team launched its first. 
LGBTQ+ and Women’s BERGs. In EMEA, chapters increased from five in FY20 to 20 in FY21 across the UK, Benelux, France, Germany,
Italy, and South Africa, and we added an ENABLED regional BERG.
The ENABLED BERGs are Business Employee Resource Groups focusing on all areas of accessibility and abilities.
BERGs are key partners in cultivating an inclusive culture and a sense of belonging for Disney employees globally. They offer opportunities to network with peers, participate in outreach and mentoring programs, acquire new skills, enhance leadership capabilities, and drive cross-cultural business innovation. Our. 
BERGs help facilitate inclusive conversations, creating space for employees to come together to share their experiences and show their support.
Prior to the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, we held our 2020 BERG Summit at The Walt Disney Company headquarters in Burbank, California.
18 18. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Inclusive Conversations: Inclusive Conversations:
In FY21, the Reimagine Tomorrow Conversations Series, our internal DEI speaker series, hosted virtual Company-wide events for employees on various inclusion topics. Brave Space. 
Conversations were also conducted with employees, providing employees safe spaces to discuss relevant social topics.
Additionally, employees have access to several DEI learning programs, including Everyday Inclusion, Leading Inclusively, and. 
Hiring Inclusively. In FY21, there were more than 400 workshops and 12,000 attendees across these DEI learning programs.
The Fifth Key: The Fifth Key:
Last year at our Parks and Resorts, we added Inclusion to our "Five Keys" approach that guides our renowned service, demonstrating our deep commitment to making everyone who experiences Disney to feel welcome. In FY21, we expanded upon this by updating the guidelines for how our cast members show up for work. Our new approach provides greater flexibility with respect to forms of personal expression surrounding gender-inclusive hairstyles, jewelry, nail styles, tattoos, and costume choices. We’ve updated these policies not only to remain relevant in today’s world, but also to enable our cast members to better express their cultures and individuality at work.
500+ employees have volunteered to serve as. 
Belonging Advocates to instill greater inclusion in their work.
19 19. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Inclusive Storytelling: Inclusive Storytelling:
We champion perspectives across dimensions of identity. The nuanced and intersectional portrayal of underrepresented communities can change the way communities are seen and the way they see themselves. Recent examples include Walt Disney. 
Animation Studios’ Raya and the Last Dragon; Disney and Pixar’s. 
Soul; Marvel Studios’ Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings;
Disney+'s Diary of a Future President, Doogie Kameāloha, M.D., and the French Original Oussekine; Disney Junior’s Mira; ABC News’ six- part series Soul of a Nation on Hulu; ABC’s The Wonder Years; FX’s. 
Mayans M.C., POSE, and LGBTQ+ docuseries Pride; FX's Reservation. 
Dogs on Hulu; Hulu, Searchlight, and Onyx Collective’s Summer of. 
Soul; Freeform’s Good Trouble; Pixar’s SparkShorts Twenty Something and Nona; Star Original’s Sultan City; and more.
Our efforts to tell inclusive stories have been recognized by leading organizations. We received 17 NAACP Image Awards in 2021 for promoting social justice through creative endeavors, the most for any network or distributor that year. We also received seven GLAAD. 
Media Awards, which honor media for fair, accurate, and inclusive representation of the LGBTQ+ community. A more extensive list of acknowledgments recognizing Disney’s efforts can be found on the Reimagine Tomorrow digital hub. While we take pride in our inclusive storytelling, we recognize that we still have much to do and will continue to work to grow representation and promote inclusive narratives.
Content. 
We believe that forging meaningful connections with our consumers contributes to the growth and viability of the Company, so we purposefully champion a multitude of voices and perspectives in our storytelling.
Our Intention: To broaden access and diversity in our industry by adopting inclusion standards across Disney General Entertainment and liveaction Studio productions by the end of 2022, with the goal of advancing representation in front of and behind the camera, in marketing, and more.5 ► Access our Content Representation Dashboard on our Corporate. 
Social Responsibility website here.
Content Inclusion Standards: Content Inclusion Standards:
Content inclusion standards hold us accountable to our DEI intentions and serve as a catalyst for real and sustained change.
Disney General Entertainment (DGE), with ABC Entertainment and. 
National Geographic leading the way, has launched standards to increase inclusion of underrepresented groups onscreen, in writing and directing jobs, and below the line. Other content engines within. 
Disney have initiated their brand-specific standards and will roll them out in the future.
5 Disney General Entertainment is the collection of The Walt Disney Company’s entertainment and news properties creating content across a portfolio of television brands and businesses, including ABC Entertainment, ABC Signature, ABC News, Freeform, ONYX Collective, Twentieth Television Studios, FX Networks and FX Productions, Hulu Originals, Disney Branded Television (including the Disney Channel networks), and National Geographic. Disney Studios Content is the collection of The Walt Disney Company’s entertainment properties creating content across a portfolio of brands. The live-action brands include Disney Live Action, Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, and Searchlight Pictures. 20 20. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Increasing Diverse Talent Behind the Camera: Increasing Diverse Talent Behind the Camera:
In 2021, Disney General Entertainment (DGE) announced Onyx Collective, a new content brand on Hulu designed to curate a slate of premium entertainment by creators of color and underrepresented voices.
Additionally, DGE’s Creative Talent Development & Inclusion team connects talent to our creative community of executives through a series of professional development and relationship building events and via an expansive creative talent database. The team contributes to the foundation of diverse talent through the DGE Writing Program, DGE. 
Directing Program, and DGE PA Program. These annual programs provide mentorship, professional development, and staffing opportunities on DGE series to emerging and diverse writers, directors, and production assistants. DGE also has a two-year Apprenticeship Program aimed at creating access to careers in media.
Disney Launchpad: Shorts Incubator serves as an entry point for emerging filmmakers from underrepresented backgrounds. In 2021, the program expanded to include writers, in addition to directors. The effort produced and delivered six short films to Disney+, and some were also accepted into film festivals.
Disney is also a founding sponsor of the groundbreaking industry incubator National Association of Latino Independent. 
Producers' (NALIP) pipeline program, which addresses the underrepresentation of Latino creatives in the entertainment industry. This unique partnership pairs seasoned producers with fellows in order to develop the next generation of Latino producers. Disney Studios Content is working with NALIP to pilot this program at Searchlight Studios.
Additionally, the Africa Story Lab builds skills and provides on-set apprenticeships to the next generation of storytellers from across the African continent, particularly those from underrepresented groups. In front of the camera, The Story Lab features African children telling their stories, like that of Kiya, which will be featured on Disney Junior and Disney+.
Breaking Down Stereotypes Through Sport: Breaking Down Stereotypes Through Sport:
Since 2013, ESPN has been a Global Presenting Sponsor of Special Olympics Unified Sports®, which is dedicated to promoting social inclusion by bringing people with and without intellectual disabilities together to play, train, and compete. ESPN also serves as the Global Broadcast Partner of signature Special Olympics events, including the World. 
Games, World Winter Games, and USA Games.
Photos: (Top) Onyx Collective curates content from creators of color and underrepresented voices on Hulu. (Middle) A series of 10 shorts titled Kizazi Moto: Generation Fire, from The Story Lab and a subsequent Incubator, will premiere on Disney+ in 2022. (Bottom) ESPN’s coverage of major Special Olympics events, including Special Olympics Unified events at X Games, continue to reach fans around the world via ESPN and Disney networks and media platforms. 21 21. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Championing Accurate & Diverse Representation in our Content: Championing Accurate & Diverse Representation in our Content:
Inclusive and authentic storytelling is an endeavor we embrace globally. We are committed to representing communities authentically so people not only see the best in themselves, but the world can see it too. In 2020, we created a council of experts from organizations on the forefront of accurate representation in media and entertainment to advise us in our assessment of our content, products, and experiences.
See Stories Matter for more information on this initiative. We also have task forces in different countries and regions that assess and inform content creation and production through a more local diversity and inclusion lens. In 2021, we joined the Mental Health Storytelling. 
Coalition with leading media companies and mental health experts in recognition of the powerful role storytelling can play in addressing mental health challenges and debuted a Mental Health Media Guide. And to support authentic Native representation in media, Disney also sponsored the creation of IllumiNative’s industry guide THE TIME IS NOW: The Power of Native Representation in Entertainment.
Additionally, in 2021 ABC Entertainment Talent and Casting celebrated their milestone 20th year of the Disney Television Discovers: Talent. 
Showcase. With the partnership of Disney’s Creative Talent Development & Inclusion team, the showcase has served as a launchpad for discovering and championing new and diverse talent, including Lupita Nyong’o, Chadwick Boseman, Gina Rodriguez, Pedro Pascal, Randall. 
Park, Jesse Williams, and many more.
Disney's Adaptive Costumes and Wheelchair Cover Sets allow fans who use wheelchairs and have other accessibility needs to transform into some of their favorite characters across the Disney portfolio.
Inclusive Products and Experiences: Inclusive Products and Experiences:
We are reimagining our products and attractions to be more inclusive, such as the Jungle Cruise and a new attraction based on The Princess and the. 
Frog. Disney's annual collection of Pride-themed merchandise was rolled out in May 2021 alongside contributions benefiting organizations globally that support LGBTQ+ communities. We released adaptive, sensory-friendly costumes and wheelchair coverings, bringing special accessibility features for kids and adults with disabilities. Disney also launched a collaboration with Irish-based Izzy Wheels, creators of colorful wheelchair covers for children and adults around the world to help bridge the gap between disability and fashion. The covers feature Disney’s much-loved characters and 10% of proceeds will be donated to Whizz-Kidz.
Images from select Disney Television Discovers: Talent Showcase screeners. The Talent Showcase is a launchpad for new and diverse talent, and celebrated its milestone 20th anniversary in 2021.
22 22. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Supplier Diversity: Supplier Diversity:
In FY21, we set a goal to spend at least $1 billion annually with diverse suppliers by 2024. Reaching this goal would place Disney among the top. 
U.S. companies spending with diverse suppliers and would impact the communities where we do business by creating jobs and opportunities.
Including diverse suppliers in our sourcing process provides us the greatest opportunity to develop the most innovative and high-quality business solutions—strengthening our Company on the inside and supporting communities on the outside.
► Access additional information on our Supplier Diversity page.
The Black Agency Spotlight: Proof Creative Group, a boutique creative agency focusing on key art for motion picture and television marketing and advertising for family entertainment.
6 See Footnote 4 on p. 11.
7 We validate diverse status through certification compliance using WBENC, NMSDC, Department of Veterans Affairs, NGLCC, and Disability:IN.
of our charitable giving to programs supporting underrepresented communities.6 >50%
In FY21, we directed with certified diverse-owned. 
Tier 1 vendors.7 ~$450M. 
In FY21, we spent. 
By making social investments and forming partnerships with organizations, we provide access to our industry for those who might otherwise be overlooked. These efforts create significant opportunities in the short-term and nurture future generations.
Our Intention: To direct more than 50% of our annual charitable giving to programs supporting underrepresented communities (beginning with FY21); and to spend at least $1 billion with diverse suppliers by 2024.
In FY21, we achieved our goal of directing more than 50% of our charitable giving to programs supporting underrepresented communities. That equated to more than $150 million of our giving directed to programs that support Asian American, Pacific Islander,
Black and African American, Hispanic and Latino, Native American and Indigenous, and Multicultural communities, as well as women, veterans, people with disabilities, and those who identify as. 
LGBTQ+.
Community. 
For example, we invested in organizations that advance authentic representation of underrepresented communities in media and entertainment (such as Gold House, Array Alliance, and The. 
National Association of Black Journalists), increase access and economic opportunity in companies (such as Catalyst, Exceptional. 
Minds, and NAACP), promote positive messages of inclusion (such as StopAAPIHate and Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network), and empower the next generation of diverse storytellers and innovators (such as Ghetto Film School, Hispanic Scholarship Fund,
American Indian College Fund, and UNCF).
► Read more on our philanthropy in the Charitable Giving section.
23 23. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


Investing in the Next Generation of Storytellers and Innovators: Investing in the Next Generation of Storytellers and Innovators:
We invest in initiatives that bring foundational arts, STEM, journalism, and sports to youth, and scholarships and training programs for the next generation of storytellers and innovators.
PRODUCT DESIGN. 
Marvel launched a three-year partnership in. 
Europe with The Prince’s Trust charity, offering a mentorship programme for youth ages 16 to 30 from underserved and underrepresented backgrounds interested in taking their first steps in product design.
STEM. 
Disney and Lucasfilm teamed up once again with a $1.5 million investment in global robotics nonprofit FIRST to inspire the next generation of innovators through the Star. 
Wars: Force for Change philanthropic initiative.
In 2020-2021, with the support of Disney funding, FIRST provided STEM program access to more than 318,000 students worldwide, including more than 50,000 students from underrepresented communities in the U.S.
CODING. 
Since 2015, high school girls and non- binary youth across the U.S. have been given the opportunity to learn to code while experiencing the magic of The Walt Disney. 
Company. Using distinctly Disney elements to make this an unforgettable experience, the. 
Girls Who Code Summer Immersion Program provides participants with computer science education and exposure to technology jobs through Disney guest speakers and mentors from across the Company.
SPORTS. 
ESPN awarded more than $1 million of its youth sports grant funding to benefit Black and African American youth, supporting efforts such as the Women’s Sports Foundation. 
Sports 4 Life program and the USTA National. 
Junior Tennis League.
24 24. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


CREATIVE WRITING. 
In Latin America, Disney presented Historias. 
Para Armar, a digital DIY storytelling platform developed jointly with Chicos.net and with support from Eidos Global. This initiative helps youth develop creativity, learn collaboration, and think critically. Our internal creative and production teams also developed a mini-series to accompany the platform.
PERFORMING ARTS. 
Through partnerships with non-profit theater organizations in the U.S. and working directly with schools in the UK, Disney Theatrical. 
Group invited students to a free virtual field trip for an exclusive screening of Newsies: The. 
Broadway Musical! At a time when theaters were closed and many schools were remote, this helped students from diverse backgrounds access theater education.
READING. 
We launched our ninth Magic of Storytelling campaign, a collaboration with First Book that shares the joy of reading and provides new books to educators serving children in need.
In 2021, First Book was able to distribute more than 100,000 Disney books in connection with the campaign. In total, we distributed more than 4.5 million books to First Book in 2021, and since 2000 we’ve distributed more than 87 million books.
ART DESIGN. 
As part of its commitment to inspiring young people in the pursuit of their future projects, Disneyland Paris organized a unique masterclass for art students. Marvel Artist. 
Olivier Coipel shared his career journey and creative experiences, including how he redesigned and reinvented Thor, one of the most iconic Super Heroes of the Marvel universe.
Investing in the Next Generation of Storytellers and Innovators Investing in the Next Generation of Storytellers and Innovators (continued) (continued): 25 25. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


8 As of the end of FY21.
We increased transparency around our workforce representation in our Diversity Dashboard and through our 2019 EEO-1 and 2020 EEO-1 Employer Information Reports.
We intend to continue publishing our Diversity Dashboard and. 
EEO-1 reports annually.
Our Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer, Latondra. 
Newton, leads the Company’s strategic DEI initiatives and partners with business segments and leaders across the enterprise to translate our intentions into actions. Additionally,
Disney’s Board of Directors has delegated oversight of workforce equity matters to the Compensation Committee. For. 
FY21, the Compensation Committee determined that diversity, equity, and inclusion objectives have the highest weighting among the executive compensation bonus plan’s non-financial. 
Other Performance Factors.
In addition to our content inclusion standards, we hold ourselves accountable to our DEI intentions through a set of policies and councils and a leadership team focused on creating meaningful change. Disney’s CEO Diversity and. 
Inclusion Council, comprised of a global group of senior leaders across the Company, is accountable for establishing and advancing DEI goals, objectives, and outcomes.
Focused on storytelling, the Creative Inclusion Council, which includes leaders from across our creative mediums, works to challenge Disney to scale existing best-in-class inclusive content practices from across our businesses, dismantle bias in the creative process, and challenge long-held assumptions in content creation and the systems that surround it.
Further, our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy specifies that employment actions and decisions—including recruitment, hiring, promotion, compensation, transfer, training, and more—are consistent with our principle to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees and applicants.
Our Prohibition of Harassment Policy details our expectation that employees treat others in the workplace with respect. And our Speak Up Policy encourages employees who observe or suspect misconduct, including discrimination or harassment, to speak up to provide the Company the opportunity to address the issue. These three policies cover all U.S.-based employees, while employees outside the U.S. are covered by policies reflecting these principles but tailored to the specific region.
Transparency & Accountability. 
Achieving our goal of a reimagined tomorrow demands transparency and accountability. From our culture to our content and experiences, we are working together to translate our intentions into actions.
We have greatly increased transparency around our diversity, equity, and inclusion metrics, including representation of women and people of color at different levels, and in front of and behind the camera, in our most recent Diversity Dashboard.
of our U.S. employees self-identify as people of color.8 46% of our employees worldwide self-identify as women.8 50% ► Access our most recent DEI data on our Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination.
26 26. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF BELONGING


We come together to help change the course of our planet’s story, creating a healthier home for people and wildlife.
27 27. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


"Walt Disney Imagineering has always been focused on how our creativity, innovation, and ingenuity can make a positive impact on the future of our world. Sustainability is such an important and central part of our work—woven into the earliest stages of the creative development process through project delivery."
BARBARA BOUZA PRESIDENT, WALT DISNEY IMAGINEERING. 
Our commitment to environmental stewardship goes back to our founding nearly 100 years ago. Walt Disney himself said that “conservation isn’t just the business of a few people. It’s a matter that concerns all of us.” This is a call to action that guides us.
2030 Environmental Goals. 
Disney is committed to protecting the planet and creating a positive environmental legacy for future generations as we operate and build our businesses. We are working to reduce emissions; implement localized watershed strategies; maximize waste diversion through reductions, recycling, and reuse programs; lower the impact of our products; design and build sustainably; and inspire diverse global communities to protect the magic of nature together. Despite the continued impacts of COVID-19, in the past year we began making incremental progress towards our ambitious 2030. 
Environmental Goals, as described in the following pages.
► For more information about our environmental goals and how we plan to achieve them, read our 2030 Environmental Goals white paper.
Disney supports the management and conservation of healthy forests around the world.
• Business Alliance to Scale Climate Solutions • Business for Social Responsibility • Business Roundtable • Ceres Corporate Network • Climate Solutions working group • Cruise Lines International Association • Clean Energy Buyers Alliance • Sustainable Apparel Coalition • The Chamber of Commerce Climate Task Force • The World Resources Institute Corporate Consultative Group. 
Environmental Sustainability. 
Environmental Action Through Coalitions: Environmental Action Through Coalitions:
We are a member of several initiatives and organizations with which we engage to support climate actions consistent with the Paris Agreement, for example: 28 28. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Emissions. 
We believe that business plays an integral role in the transition to a low-carbon future and we are committed to achieving net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions for our direct operations by 2030. GHGs from our direct operations primarily derive from energy use at our parks and resorts sites, major corporate campuses, and from the fuel used by our cruise ships. We address our direct emissions footprint (Scope 1 and 2) through a science-based reduction hierarchy: avoiding emissions through sustainable design, reducing emissions through efficiencies, replacing high-carbon energy sources with lower carbon alternatives, and investing in certified natural climate solutions.
Our extended value chains, including those associated with the production of consumer products, also generate substantial emissions (Scope 3). We are working to identify all sources of our Scope 3 emissions, which are many, given the diversity of our businesses. By the end of 2022, our intention is to define a science-based reduction goal for the Company’s Scope 3 emissions footprint.
► For more information about our environmental efforts, read our 2021 CDP Climate. 
Change Survey Response. We follow the global frameworks established by GHG. 
Protocol to measure Scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gases. Click here to learn more.
2030 goals: • Net zero greenhouse gas emissions for direct operations • 100% zero carbon electricity • Innovation for low carbon fuels • Investment in natural climate solutions. 
Mickey-shaped solar facility (located near EPCOT), which provides power to Walt Disney World, was built in partnership with Reedy Creek Improvement District and Duke Energy.
TR-CL-110a. 1 & 2; TC-IM-130a. 1; SV-LF-130a. 1; SV-HL-130a. 1; FB-RN-130a. 1 29 29. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Striving For Zero Carbon Electricity: Striving For Zero Carbon Electricity:
We are committed to purchasing or producing 100% zero carbon electricity by 2030. In FY21, we completed the installation of a solar array on Castaway Cay, which will power 70% of the island. Hong. 
Kong Disneyland has installed more than 5,000 solar panels and is the single largest solar panel site in Hong Kong. In Florida, Walt. 
Disney World and Reedy Creek Improvement District teamed up with local utility partners to begin development of two new 75MW solar facilities, which are expected to come online in 2023. The new facilities, paired with two existing facilities, will provide up to 40% of Walt Disney World theme parks' electricity needs—the avoided emissions amount to the removal of 40,000 cars from the road annually. And at Disneyland Paris, once operational, the solar canopy plant—under construction in the main guest parking lot—will produce enough renewable clean electricity to account for ~17% of the resort’s current consumption.
► Watch how Disney Parks make a difference.
Investing in Natural Climate Solutions: Investing in Natural Climate Solutions:
Natural climate solutions provide immediate emission reductions until technological solutions are available and accessible. We invest in high-quality, verified, and rigorously vetted natural climate solutions that generate meaningful carbon reductions as well as positive social and economic impacts. For example, our investment with Wildlife Conservation Society in the conservation of the Keo. 
Seima forest in Cambodia includes the sustainable use of land and resources, protects habitat, prevents further release of carbon into the atmosphere from deforestation, and supports alternative livelihoods to reduce pressure on the forest. The project preserves forest that provides basic needs and cultural identity for more than 2,500 Bunong households, increases water quality, and provides access to clean water for more than 4,000 people. Read more online about our approach and the Natural Climate Solutions projects we support.
► Access emissions data in the Data & Reporting Frameworks section.
Progressing Toward Net Zero GHG Emissions: Progressing Toward Net Zero GHG Emissions:
For the past 15 years, Disney Parks alone have invested $24 million in energy efficiency projects calculated to reduce a cumulative 1.1 million megawatt hours (MWh) of energy use. Among our efforts, both Walt. 
Disney World and Hong Kong Disneyland installed Edison-style LED bulbs that reduce energy consumption while maintaining the iconic. 
Disney Main Street nostalgia.
Additionally, fuel efficiencies and utilizing low carbon fuels will also help us reach our net zero goal. Disney is participating in a low-carbon shipping pilot with Maersk ECO Delivery, as well as in the Clean Cargo initiative.
Photos: (Left) LED rim lights at Hong Kong Disneyland. (Center) In FY21, Disney Cruise Line completed installation of 4,320 solar panels at Castaway Cay, which deliver ~70% of the island's power. (Right) The Keo Seima forest covers thousands of acres across eastern Cambodia. ©Adam Roberts @adams.conservation.world. 30 30. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Water & Oceans. 
Disney recognizes that water is a critical component for ecosystems, and a vital resource for communities and our operations around the world. In keeping with the latest science and standards, we updated our water strategy to recognize that water is a highly local issue, with unique considerations in each geography.
2030 goals: • Implement localized watershed stewardship strategies • Source sustainable seafood. 
TC-IM-130a. 2; SV-HL-140a. 1; FB-RN-140a. 1 31 31. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


9 Disney’s definition of sustainable seafood can be found in our 2030 Environmental Goals white paper. The breakdown of 95% sustainable seafood in 2021 includes: 7% Best Choice, 67% Eco-certified, 15% Good alternative, 5% Avoid, 3% FIP, and 3% Unrated.
Water Stewardship: Water Stewardship:
In 2021, we began implementing site-specific watershed stewardship strategies at our high-impact sites, including our global parks and resorts, our corporate campus in Burbank, and our Aulani resort in Hawai'i. We are identifying critical regional water issues and beginning to work with partners to engage meaningfully on those issues locally. Additionally, through the Disney Conservation Fund, we funded watershed protection and restoration projects in Florida and. 
Southern California in FY21. For example, one of the grants supported. 
The Nature Conservancy's project to transform a brownfield into publicly accessible space and addressed water quality and habitat enhancement along the Los Angeles River.
Sustainable Seafood: Sustainable Seafood:
We are committed to minimizing our impact on the ocean by sourcing environmentally responsible seafood in our U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line. In fact, we achieved a 95% sustainable seafood sourcing rate in FY21.9 Our U.S. sites have partnered with the Monterey Bay. 
Aquarium since the beginning to provide the primary scientific background for Disney's sustainable seafood planning. Along with Disneyland Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland, and the Shanghai. 
Disney Resort, our U.S. sites are collaborating with Sustainable. 
Fisheries Partnership to rebuild depleted fish stocks and reduce the environmental and social impacts of fishing and fish farming. In addition, we are leveraging the scientific expertise on our team and grants through the Disney Conservation Fund to develop solutions that minimize the impact of fisheries on marine life.
Water Conservation: Water Conservation:
We remain committed to focusing on water conservation strategies, annual data reporting, and engagement with employees, cast members, guests, and community stakeholders. We will release an updated water conservation goal in the near future. In the meantime, we continue to evolve our infrastructure. For example, Shanghai. 
Disney Resort converted 100% of the toilets in their Team Disney. 
Administration building restrooms from potable water to non-potable in 2021. This conversion will result in an annual potable water savings of two million gallons. The project is now expanding at the Resort, with a second backstage building and an in-park guest restroom coming online in 2022.
► Access water data in the Data & Reporting Frameworks section.
Photos: (Left) Disney is supporting The Nature Conservancy to safeguard local water resources and increase public access to the Los Angeles River. Photo credit: Mike Dennis. (Center) Sustainable seafood is available at all Disney table service restaurants in the U.S. (Right) Non-potable water used at the Shanghai Disney Resort is pulled from Wishing Star Lake.
32 32. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


The growing amount of waste produced today poses a threat to our environment, ecosystems, and communities.
Disney is helping through food waste capture, food and product donations, material sorting and reuse, reducing single-use and other plastics, and recycling. We also intend to make commitments to further reduce single- use plastics in the future. A few examples of our FY21 efforts include: z At Disney’s Animal Kingdom, we are testing a fully compostable experience at a Quick Service Restaurant that includes compostable plates, napkins, cutlery, and cups, new sorting waste stations, and signage for proper disposal. Meanwhile, organic waste from. 
Walt Disney World is sent to an off-site commercial composting facility where it is turned into a nutrient- rich soil product and used to fertilize onsite plants.
z Shanghai Disney Resort has eliminated disposable cutlery at all owned and operated dine-in food and beverage locations, eliminating the majority of disposable cutlery across the resort.
z The FX show Y: The Last Man on Hulu was the first production in the Toronto Area to collect compostable waste while filming on location. With funding and support from Disney, they worked with local vendors to develop a waste management system for food and organic materials that can now be replicated for future productions in the area.
z In addition to their own waste diversion efforts,
Disneyland Paris joined forces with Ecovidrio, a non- profit organization responsible for glass recycling in Spain, for a one-of-a-kind awareness campaign: “Dreams matter more than ever … so does glass recycling!” Recycling containers bearing popular. 
Disney, Marvel, and Pixar characters collected glass in 17 major Spanish cities during the busy summer tourist season.
► Access waste data in the Data & Reporting Frameworks section.
2030 goals: • Zero waste to landfill for our wholly owned and operated parks and resorts. 
Waste. 
Photos: (Top) Guest sign about compost in a garden bed at Disney’s Animal Kingdom. (Middle) Reusable cutlery provided at all table service restaurants at the Shanghai Disney Resort. (Bottom) Disney and Disney/Pixar character-themed glass recycling bins in Spain. FB-RN-150a. 1 33 33. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Materials 2030 goals: • Use recycled, certified, or verified sustainable paper and wood • At least 30% recycled plastic in products and packaging • Design packaging for reuse, recycling, or composting • Use recycled or sustainable content in textiles • Sustainable production processes for our products ► For a full description of our materials goals, read our 2030 Environmental Goals white paper.
Disney brings beloved stories and franchises into the daily lives of families and fans through products that can be found around the world. To address the environmental impacts across our consumer products portfolio, we identified a set of materials that are consistently used in high volumes or are known to have other environmental concerns associated with their production and use. Such materials include paper, wood, and palm oil from forest products, as well as textiles and plastics. Additionally, we established a cross-functional consumer products task force to advance our environmental goals and produced comprehensive training materials to help our global teams and external partners understand how to help us achieve our 2030 goals. In an effort to report progress on our goals, we are building new tracking systems. We aim to begin reporting progress with select quantitative measures for. 
FY24. In the interim, we will provide qualitative updates on our progress.
Guidelines Support Procurement Suppliers: Guidelines Support Procurement Suppliers:
In FY21, we introduced new guidelines to help our procurement sourcing professionals embed environmental expectations into vendor contracts and requests for proposals. Using our first module, which outlines practices for sustainable packaging, Hong Kong Disneyland worked with an existing vendor to reduce cardboard and plastic in shower head packaging, reducing waste by 70% and costs by 10%. Future guideline modules will focus on emissions, waste, sustainable design, water, and oceans.
Photos: (Top) We launched new plastic-free packaging for our line of classic dolls in FY21. The plastic-free packaging is made of sustainably sourced paper that is 100% recyclable and easier to open than plastic packaging, providing a more accessible unboxing experience for kids and families. Learn more online. (Bottom) In FY21, our Costuming team at Walt Disney World introduced newly designed aprons for food and beverage cast members made from 100% recycled plastic bottles. 34 34. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Sustainable Design. 
Designing and building in a sustainable way has been a part of. 
Disney’s strategy since the beginning. Our built environment, ranging from theme parks to offices, accounts for the majority of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We are embedding sustainability throughout the design process, utilizing a culture focused on continuous improvement, choosing innovative solutions, and remaining committed to telling sustainable stories.
For example, The Journey of Water—an upcoming attraction inspired by Moana—will not only conserve water with best-in- class principles, but it will also highlight the importance of the natural water cycle. This guest experience will be found at EPCOT. 
World Nature, which is dedicated to understanding and preserving the beauty, awe, and balance of the natural world.
In collaboration with our various design teams across the. 
Company, and leveraging the creative expertise of our Disney. 
Imagineers, we have also established a new, rigorous set of internal Sustainable Design Standards, aligned with our 2030 goals.
 ► Read our 2030 Environmental Goals white paper to learn more about our goals for new projects across emissions, water, and waste.
Rendering of The Journey of Water 2030 goals: • New projects will be designed to achieve near net zero greenhouse gas emissions, maximize water efficiencies, and support zero waste operations • New construction projects in the U.S. and Europe will achieve 90% diversion of construction waste 35 35. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


SPOTLIGHT: Disney Stories Inspire Environmental Action. 
Disney is a founding member of the Sustainable Production Alliance, a consortium of the world’s leading film, television, and streaming companies dedicated to advancing sustainability while reducing the entertainment industry’s overall environmental impact.
Through National Geographic, Disneynature, and our other content platforms, Disney also enjoys a rich and growing library of programming that connects audiences with the wonders of our natural world and inspires people to act, such as I Am Greta, Secrets of the Whales, and The. 
Last Ice. We generated awareness for these stories with a dedicated Earth Month Collection on. 
Disney+, and in FY21, approximately one in three subscribers streamed one or more of our Earth. 
Month titles.
Additionally, the Environmental Media Association (EMA) Awards honor films and shows that increase public awareness of climate change, sustainability, and other environmental topics in their storylines. In 2021, we were nominated for five EMA Awards and won two. EMA also awards Green Seals and Gold. 
Seals, which recognize the actions taken to reduce the environmental impacts of physical productions. In 2021, we won 36 Green Seals and 22 Gold Seals.
► Read more about our EMA Awards here.
EMA Awards in 2021. 
EMA Gold Seals in 2021. 
EMA Green Seals in 2021 2
22 36 © Disney Enterprises, Inc. In 2021, we received Environmental Media Association awards for titles including Hulu’s documentary I Am Greta (top right) and Disney Channel’s Sydney to the Max (bottom right). EMA awards celebrate television and film titles that address climate change, sustainability, and other environmental topics.
36 36. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Disney Conservation. 
Disney is committed to supporting and inspiring diverse global communities to protect the magic of nature together through dedicated teams, best-in-class programs, and impactful conservation investments. The Disney. 
Conservation Fund (DCF)—a Disney philanthropic initiative—was created more than 25 years ago to build on. 
Walt Disney’s legacy of saving wildlife, inspiring action, and protecting the planet. Since then, we have helped protect hundreds of species globally and helped safeguard more than 315 million acres of habitat—an amount equal to 10,000+ Walt Disney Worlds.
Disney Conservation deploys our team and resources to advance inclusive and community-led approaches that help both people and wildlife thrive. Our grants have helped bring wildlife back from the brink of extinction, plant millions of trees in critical forests, remove more than a thousand tons of debris from the ocean, advance conservation education for underrepresented youth, engage people around the world in conservation, and more. In FY21, DCF continued its commitment through more than $6 million in grants, supporting 60 non-profit organizations working across 30 countries. Each year, the Fund also honors Disney Conservation Heroes— indigenous and local leaders dedicated to the protection of nature in their communities.
► Learn more about our Disney Conservation efforts online.
invested in community-led conservation efforts since 1995, spanning half the countries of the world and all five oceans.
$120M+ 37 37. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


Photos: (Left) Disney animal care experts collaborate to support conservation solutions in the Congo. (Center) Disney Team Wildlife Cast provide years of expertise in promoting healthy oceans and conserving coral reefs globally. (Right) Singer Luan Santana performing at the O Pantanal Chama live show supporting response efforts to local forest fires.
Conservation of Species and Habitats: Conservation of Species and Habitats:
Disney Conservation Team Wildlife brings together the expertise of our cast members and employees—scientists, educators, veterinarians, and storytellers—to find solutions that benefit people, wildlife, and the planet. In FY21, Disney continued to advise and support capacity building for staff to care for critically endangered orphaned gorillas at the. 
Gorilla Rehabilitation and Conservation Education Center in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Natural Resource Protection: Natural Resource Protection:
Our conservation scientists provide invaluable counsel and credibility when it comes to habitat and biodiversity protection in environmental impact assessments and lend their expertise to land management strategies across our properties. As an example, for nearly 15 years, our teams have worked to protect and restore the coral reefs outside. 
Disney Castaway Cay in The Bahamas, with more than 2,000 corals planted. Based on recent surveys, these reefs are a leading example of successful coral restoration in the country.
Raising Awareness: Raising Awareness:
In FY21, National Geographic joined forces with the non- governmental organization SOS Pantanal and Brazilian singer Luan Santana for O Pantanal Chama. This four hour musical event raised funds for the recovery and protection of the Pantanal, the largest wetland in the world, which recently lost 26% of its forest to wildfires. This event was part of the ongoing O Que Você Fax Importa initiative to raise awareness for creating sustainable habitats; the experience raised more than $250,000 and trended at number one on Twitter through the live event.
38 38. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD IN BALANCE


We bring comfort, optimism, and joy to our communities and inspire hope, especially for children. Through our support of children’s hospitals, wish granting, and the contributions of thousands of passionate employee volunteers around the world, we deliver joy when it’s needed most.
39 39. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Children’s Hospitals. 
We support children facing serious illness and their families around the world in ways only Disney can, leveraging the power of our stories, beloved characters, unique experiences, employee ingenuity, and cast member talents. As part of our $100 million commitment announced in 2018, we continue to help reimagine the patient journey in children’s hospitals through transformative murals and interactive wall art, Disney Institute training designed for hospitals, film screenings, Disney+ access, and much more.
Photos: (Top Left) In FY21, Disney concepts were unveiled at Boston Children’s Hospital. (Top Right) CHOC Hospital. (Bottom Left) Nemours Children’s Hospital, Florida. (Bottom Right) NewYork-Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital.
Easing the Anxiety of a Hospital Stay: Easing the Anxiety of a Hospital Stay:
Despite the profound impact of COVID-19 on hospitals, and enhanced health and safety protocols, in 2021 our teams worked remotely whenever possible, and were still able to successfully install our children’s hospital concepts and experiences at four hospitals in the United States and one in Singapore—positively impacting children and families during nearly one million visits to these hospitals each year.
“Disney stories and characters provide a shared vocabulary between our young patients and their medical team. The magic of Disney restores some childhood innocence during a very difficult time and allows us as caregivers to be at our very best.”
DR. JAMES B. FAHNER ENDOWED DIVISION CHIEF, PEDIATRIC HEMATOLOGY AND ONCOLOGY, AT HELEN DEVOS CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL/SPECTRUM HEALTH. 
Community 40 40. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Delivering Joy: Delivering Joy:
Disney continues to support Starlight Children’s Foundation® in bringing moments of joy with unique Disney-themed deliveries to more than 500 hospitals in the United States and Canada. These include Disney-themed Starlight Gowns, as well as toys, books, games, and more. To better meet the needs of vulnerable and underserved pediatric patients, we collected hospital data on factors such as diversity of patient population, socioeconomic status of patients, rural referral facilities, and more. In FY21, we used this data to develop a weighted ranking of factors to help inform our product delivery placement recommendations, with diversity of patient population and socioeconomic factors weighted heaviest. We utilized this method to donate more than 400,000 Disney-themed products valued at more than $5.6 million.
Creating Moments of Comfort: Creating Moments of Comfort:
We shifted our Disney Movie Moments program to a new digital platform, and piloted Disney+ access for Child Life teams in nearly 100 U.S. hospitals. We continued to screen new films in 2021, and stars from Walt Disney Animation's Raya and the Last Dragon, Disney's Cruella and Jungle Cruise, and Marvel. 
Studios' Black Widow and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings recorded special greetings for hospitalized children.
98% of hospital survey respondents reported that. 
Disney Movie Moments and Disney+ have had a positive impact on patients and their families.
of patient family respondents indicated that the Disney experiences have had a positive impact on their child’s hospital visit.
91%
Feedback from hospitals and families shows that our support is having a positive impact.10 10 Impact of Disney Experiences from a survey conducted October 2020 through September 2021. Impact of Disney Movie Moments and Disney+ from a survey conducted September 2021.
Photos: (Top) Starlight Gowns, like these featuring Star Wars characters, empower pediatric patients with choice and help ease the anxiety of a hospital stay. (Bottom) Child life teams use movies and Disney+ content, sometimes on a Disney-designed mobile movie theater, to support hospitalized kids.
41 41. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Improving the Patient Experience: Improving the Patient Experience:
Disney Institute pivoted to virtual instructor-led and on-demand training in FY21 until in-person training could resume, and offered its customized patient experience training program to the Association of Child Life Professionals and to hospital staff at NewYork-
Presbyterian Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital and KK Women’s and Children’s. 
Hospital in Singapore. In total, we've trained nearly 11,000 hospital workers since 2018.
Easing Anxiety During MRI Procedures: Easing Anxiety During MRI Procedures:
In Europe, we teamed up with Royal Philips, a global leader in health technology, to explore the effects of customized animated stories and Disney characters in helping to reduce fear and anxiety in children and to improve the experience during pediatric MRI procedures. The initiative will incorporate Disney characters into original stories at six European hospitals as part of a first-of-its-kind clinical research pilot program. Each story is specially designed to calm and support the child through their MRI experience, with personalized lighting, video, and sound.
Mickey Mouse, ready to bring some much-needed comfort to children as part of Royal Philips' MRI ambient experience. The collaboration draws on the strengths of Disney’s powerful storytelling and Royal Philips’ clinical expertise and deep understanding of patient needs; empowering children to select their favourite character, such as Ariel, to help provide them with a sense of familiarity, control, and comfort.
42 42. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


SPOTLIGHT: Disney Fun House Brings Joy to Pediatric Patients Across China. 
We recently opened Disney-themed fun houses at children’s hospitals across China, including at The Children’s Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Yichang Women and Children’s Hospital, and a space-themed fun house at Shanghai Children’s Medical Center. Our most recent fun house opened in July 2021 at Hebei Children’s Hospital, joining 34 other installations in cities including Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Nanjing,
Changsha, and Kunming. The goal is to reach 50 fun houses.
In compliance with social distancing mandates, Disney VoluntEARS pay regular visits to the fun houses to spend time with children playing games and engaging in craft activities. We also announced a donation to train pediatric medical workers through a five-year National Pediatric Social Work Training Program to help further enhance the hospital experience for young patients and their families.
Disney-themed fun houses enhance the friendliness of hospital environments, while the Pediatric Social Work Training Program works to better the patient experience through empowering pediatric social workers.
43 43. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Wish Granting. 
Beginning with the first wish that Make-A-Wish® ever granted more than 40 years ago, Disney has fulfilled more than 145,000 magical wishes with Make-a-Wish globally—from Sydney to Orlando and Bogotá to Athens. In 2021, we reinforced our commitment by announcing a $1 million donation to Make-A-Wish as part of the grand reveal of Disney Cruise Line’s newest ship, the Disney Wish.
While the number of wishes granted this year was lower than usual due to COVID-19 restrictions, we found creative ways to let 8,000 children and their families across the globe who were waiting for their wishes know that we were thinking of them. This included sending toys and games themed to children’s wishes, video messages from favorite characters, and access to our content on Disney+—all with a special note letting them know that we look forward to granting their wishes as soon as it’s safe to do so. We also continued The Wish Effect, a video series that takes a deeper look at the journeys of some amazing wish kids and their unforgettable stories.
(Left & Center Photos): Ella (left; Wales, UK) is 8 and has a metabolic condition. Watch how Disney delivered joy to Ella as her wish to meet her fairy godmother came true. Noah (center; Wales, UK) is 5, and his wish to meet. 
Spider-Man came true last September, following treatment for leukemia. Both wishes were fulfilled by Disney, Make-A-Wish UK, and The Kentown Wizard Foundation, who collaborated to create the Disney Wish Experience, where we transformed a country home in Hampshire, England into an enchanted manor for more than 140 families. Children who had their wishes put on hold due to the pandemic enjoyed a three-day immersive experience where they could safely interact with their favorite characters and enjoy truly magical events. Cast member VoluntEARS also gave their time and skills, contributing more than 2,000 volunteering hours. You can get a glimpse of the magic here.
(Right Photo): While battling cancer, Jordan started a non-profit organization called JZips, which modifies T-shirts to allow for easier port access during chemotherapy and donates them to children undergoing treatment.
In 2021, the now cancer survivor got his wish to meet with Disney executives, as well as executives from Starlight Children’s Foundation, to learn about Disney’s product development processes and Starlight’s charitable distribution model. Inspired by his story, Disney donated to JZips to help support their mission of making treatment easier for children with cancer.
44 44. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


In China, 120 Disney family VoluntEARS took to the recording studio through the. 
Disney Bedtime Tales Program, which provides companionship to China’s rural “left-behind” children through audio recordings of Disney classic stories.
Participants recorded approximately 80 stories and our non-profit partners helped distribute them in rural areas.
Disney VoluntEARS across the U.S.
collected more than 20,000 school supplies, donated more than 3,000 Disney- themed backpacks, and raised thousands of dollars to help underserved kids get ready to head back to school.
Disney VoluntEARS walked through water to deliver gift baskets with snacks and drinks to flood victims in towns surrounding. 
Disneyland Paris.
In California, VoluntEARS worked with. 
Community Action Partnership of Orange. 
County and MOMS Orange County to provide diapers, wipes, and other essential baby items to families at a drive-through distribution event. With a touch of pixie dust, families also went home with Disney books from Disney Publishing and plush toys donated by Disneyland Resort.
Volunteerism. 
Volunteerism is a central and enduring part of our Company’s culture and at the heart of our community engagement efforts. For more than 38 years, our employees and cast members around the world have contributed more than 12 million hours of service supporting the communities where they live and work. In FY21, cast members and employees contributed more than 340,000 hours of service through the Disney. 
VoluntEARS program, with volunteering mostly virtual due to COVID-19 restrictions. Through the Disney VoluntEARS Grants program, employees and cast members can turn their eligible volunteer service hours into grants totaling up to $2,000 annually to support the charities of their choice.
45 45. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Stories of Hope in Communities Around the World. 
Supporting Food Banks: Supporting Food Banks:
Disney supports local food banks worldwide through a combination of monetary and in-kind giving. In addition to our ongoing support to organizations like Feeding America, Disney Parks,
Experiences and Products donated $17.1 million worth of food from March 2020 through the end of FY21 to hunger relief organizations specifically supporting communities impacted by COVID-19—the equivalent of more than 2.1 million meals.
And in Latin America, we gave more than $300,000 in FY21 to Global Foodbanking. 
Network chapters in Mexico, Brazil,
Argentina, Colombia, and Chile, in addition to training and consulting support to the organization.
Supporting Toys for Tots: Supporting Toys for Tots:
Disney has been a longtime supporter of the Marine Toys for Tots program. For more than 70 years, the Company has supported. 
Toys for Tots in bringing comfort, happiness, and inspiration to children and families in need during the holiday season.
Our FY21 campaign exceeded collections in previous years and nearly 99,000 toys were donated to help bring joy to kids in need.
Disaster Relief: Disaster Relief:
From earthquakes to hurricanes to floods,
Disney is proud to support response and recovery efforts globally. In FY21, Disney supported disaster relief efforts through the American Red Cross’s Annual Disaster. 
Giving Program, UNICEF, and Good360, among others, contributing to relief efforts in response to wildfires, Hurricane Ida, and the Haitian earthquake. We also match eligible donations made by our employees and cast members to relief organizations dollar-for-dollar, and the Disney Employee. 
Relief Fund provides short-term monetary assistance to employees and cast members experiencing hardships due to personal or natural disasters affecting their primary residence.
Unstoppable Support: Unstoppable Support:
Our India team partnered with Yuva. 
Unstoppable to transform 24 government- run schools across the country. The project focused on creating hygienic washrooms, drinking water facilities, digital classrooms, and more, impacting approximately 10,000 students.
Celebrating 50 Years of Magic: Celebrating 50 Years of Magic:
In October 2021, to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Walt Disney World. 
Resort and continue our longstanding commitment to Central Florida, we announced $3 million in donations to local nonprofit organizations that help children and families in the community. Learn more about how we celebrated this historic occasion here.
46 46. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS WORLD OF HOPE


Our aim is to foster a safe, flexible, and inclusive work environment where employees are empowered to do their best work.
47 47. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


Employees enjoy exclusive health and well-being opportunities, such as yoga events at our Parks.
“We’re committed to making sure every employee feels valued and has the tools, programs, and resources to make their futures bright.”
PAUL RICHARDSON CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER, THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY. 
Our 190,000 employees and cast members are at the heart of every one of our stories and are the reason we can entertain, inform, and inspire people all over the world. To continue helping our businesses thrive, our human capital management strategy and approach to serving our employees focuses on investing in our people’s health, safety, and overall well-being; creating a supportive and inclusive culture; and providing opportunities for growth, development, and career mobility. Our Chief Human Resources Officer, Paul Richardson, leads our human capital management strategy and reports directly to our CEO. He regularly updates our Board of Directors on topics including talent development and employee engagement and is supported by dedicated human resources functions within our businesses, content engines, and regions.
Our global workforce is comprised of approximately 80% full-time and 15% part-time employees, with another 5% seasonal employees. While we did experience staffing reductions in FY21 as a result of the pandemic, a large percentage of our impacted workforce has since been rehired. We have also called back the majority of our workforce who were furloughed and removed pandemic-related limits on hiring.
► Read our Standards of Business Conduct for details on our commitment to maintaining fair working conditions for employees.
Workforce 48 48. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


Creating Creating Flexibility @ Disney: Flexibility @ Disney:
We learned a lot through the pandemic, most significantly that we can continue to deliver results for the Company while working in new ways. That’s why we introduced Flexibility @ Disney, a new way of working that introduces more permanent flexibility through three options: on-site, hybrid, and remote. By offering flexible schedules and work locations, Flexibility @ Disney enables our employees whose roles and functions are suited to such arrangements to balance their professional and personal needs.
Understanding Employee Needs: Understanding Employee Needs:
Disney is committed to respectfully listening to employees and supporting each individual’s unique goals and aspirations. This helps us better adapt to the ever-changing needs of our employees. In FY21, we conducted a pulse survey to gather feedback on the employee experience and we plan to conduct a more comprehensive survey in FY22. We also continued our. 
Coffee Talk sessions, which bring employees from across the Company and globe, together with executives on the CEO Diversity and Inclusion Council, to provide a safe space for informal conversation and updates on Company-wide initiatives. In FY21, thousands of employees participated in these sessions.
Celebrating our Employees: Celebrating our Employees:
Celebrating our employees’ professional and personal achievements individually and collectively has been a critical component of our Company culture since our founding. In 2021, we celebrated the fifth anniversary of Shanghai Disney Resort by highlighting how our cast members create magic every day through the. 
Every Role a Starring Role initiative. Through our #DisneyCastLife series, we highlight inspiring personal and professional achievements of cast members around the world, including recognizing those earning college degrees through Disney Aspire and others volunteering in their local communities.
A Culture of Respect: A Culture of Respect:
Our work environment inspires optimism and innovation and demands fairness and equity. Learn more about how we value and encourage curiosity, innovation, collaboration, and ideas in the World of. 
Belonging section of this report.
► Volunteering is a longstanding part of our employee experience; learn more about Disney VoluntEARS in the World of Hope section of this report. Also, visit Life at Disney powered by Disney Careers to learn more about our people and values.
Employee Experience 49 49. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


Health, Safety & Wellness. 
Enhanced Health, Wellness & Family Resources: Enhanced Health, Wellness & Family Resources:
Our deliberate and phased approach to the challenges of COVID-19 emphasizes the multiple layers of health and safety measures taken into consideration as we addressed the evolving needs of a diverse workforce across businesses and geographies. We carried our 2020 health and safety protocols into 2021, evolving them based on changing local, regional, and federal guidelines. We continued policies governing employee pay, leave, and benefits, including our virtual Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for those directly affected by COVID-19 and enhanced backup care resources, and have implemented new policies providing pay and/or supplemental time off for employee vaccination. For furloughed employees, we continue to cover healthcare, life, and disability insurance employee premium costs.
Our two Centers for Living Well continue to offer convenient, on-demand access to board-certified physicians and counselors for Disney employees, cast members, and their family members enrolled in the Cigna or. 
Allegiance medical plan options.

Disney T.R.U.S.T. is our EMEA region affinity group that celebrates positive well-being and mental health by empowering employees to. 
Talk, Recognize, Understand, and Support, creating a workplace where all employees can Triumph. In FY21, Disney T.R.U.S.T. launched a 12-month pledge to encourage employees to focus on mental health, and hosted safe space morning coffee sessions for employees to gather virtually with senior leaders to share and discuss mental health. As a result of its popularity, Disney T.R.U.S.T. will expand to other locations, such as India. In addition, the Company honored Mental Health. 
Awareness Month in May 2021 as well as World Mental Health Day in. 
October 2021 by encouraging employees to take advantage of the many resources available to them, including complimentary consultations with therapists and counselors through our enhanced EAP program and more.
Workplace Safety: Workplace Safety:
Safety is one of our top priorities in the decisions we make, and we promote a culture of safety throughout the Company through the numerous internal safety standards and quality assurance programs we’ve established. Our Standards of. 
Business Conduct include the process to report safety concerns and incidents. To make it easy for employees to report, employee identification cards also list our global safety hotline on the back. We have dedicated safety professionals in areas as diverse as COVID safety, food safety, ride safety, occupational safety, public health, training and development, and more. And to help minimize workplace safety risks, we train employees on the safety aspects of their jobs and empower them to address any safety concerns immediately.
Our medical teams across the U.S. were dedicated to the health and safety of their fellow employees and Cast Members as they worked on-site COVID-19 vaccination and testing stations. 50 50. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


COVID-19 Efforts. 
The health, well-being, and safety of our employees and cast members are our top priorities. Based on the recommendations of scientists, health officials, and our internal medical professionals— that a COVID-19 vaccine provides protection against severe infection from the virus—in FY21 we asked that our employees across the U.S. be fully vaccinated. We made it as easy as possible for our employees to get vaccinated by offering on-site distribution centers in California, Florida,
Connecticut, and France. Our Florida location alone administered approximately 1,000 doses weekly throughout the year. We also introduced a process for those with medical or religious accommodation needs and partnered with TrustAssureTM to help verify employee vaccination status and communicate real-time health information.
In addition, we created educational and science-driven materials from internal and external experts to address the facts, myths, and more about COVID-19 and vaccines, which were collectively viewed more than 350,000 times by our employees from launch through the end of FY21. As a result of positive feedback from employees and their desire to share the informative vaccination courses with friends and family, similar educational material was made public through a partnership with the Health Action Alliance. We also collaborated with the Ad Council and COVID Collaborative as part of the “It’s Up to You” COVID-19 vaccine education campaign.
Disney collaborated with the Ad Council and COVID Collaborative on the “It’s Up to You” COVID-19 vaccine education campaign. As part of this collaboration, Disney created awareness and encouraged vaccine education through efforts such as this short PSA from Gonzo and Pepe from The Muppets.
51 51. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


11 Most full-time and part-time U.S. Parks & Resorts employees earn a minimum of $15/hour, with the exception of Walt Disney World College Program participants (this program is not comparable to other employment opportunities as it includes other benefits such as housing, transportation, etc.) and tipped employees.
We continue to prioritize the ongoing development of our workforce, offering an array of opportunities to encourage our employees to be the best versions of themselves, professionally and personally. Disney offers a multitude of learning and development programs, including online, instructor-led, and on-the-job formats, as well as leadership development. Our employees have access to on-demand learning platforms, including our internal platform, D Learn, and external platforms such as HarvardSpark, a highly personalized learning experience that is entirely customizable to the tastes, interests, and preferences of each unique employee.
D Learn content was consumed nearly 1.5 million times by employees throughout the year and employees consumed another 260,000 pieces of self-paced development content via external platforms. The most popular themes were health & safety; communication and listening; career management; self-care; and diversity, equity & inclusion content, which was viewed more than 20,000 times. We offered several virtual. 
DEI sessions that brought employees together to discuss timely and relevant news—such as the session. 
Breaking the Silence: Overcoming the Fear of Saying the. 
Wrong Thing, which drew attendance from more than 11,000 employees. Our Leadership Speaker Series also continued, introducing new podcasts, the most popular of which focused on how who you are shapes how you lead.
To equip employees with the skills needed for the future and increase the capabilities critical to advance their transformation, in FY21 the Disney Finance organization began offering targeted, technical skills development to employees within their organization; more than 2,500 employees participated in these upskilling opportunities in the year.
In FY21, more than 9,700 employees participated in mentoring programs across the enterprise, accumulating more than 31,400 collective mentorship hours. These unique programs span the U.S., UK,
Latin America, Asia, and India, connecting our employees in innovative ways across both businesses and geographies. Due to popular demand, plans are underway to scale these successful programs further across the organization and globe.
We also continued to expand the reach and impact of the onboarding learning experience—Disney. 
Beginnings, as well as the first-time leader learning experience—Disney Leadership Essentials, with more than 4,000 employees participating across both in. 
FY21. Just completing its third year, Disney Aspire empowers our hourly employees to put their career dreams within reach through a barrier-free approach to continued education at a variety of schools and universities.
Because our employees are at the heart of everything we do, Disney offers a competitive total rewards package that includes pay, health, and savings benefits, time-off programs, family-building solutions, educational opportunities, and more.
Almost all our hourly full- and part-time employees in our U.S. Parks & Resorts earn a minimum of $15/hour,11 and the median hourly earnings is more than $17/hour.
Additionally, all salaried employees receive an annual performance review. In FY21, we continued to offer access to additional resources that provide financial well-being support, such as tax preparation, debt management, and mortgage refinancing assistance, and we introduced a new dedicated compensation website for our executive population.
We enhanced our mental health solutions by expanding our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and training our HR staff on important mental health topics. We offer access to Talkspace, an online therapy app, and Headspace (U.S.) and Unmind (Non U.S.), online meditation programs. Through Grokker, one of our digital well-being solutions, our employees can access stress relief guided meditations. This is in addition to ongoing wellness initiatives, such as health coaching, fitness discounts, and exercise benefits.
We also enhanced our family care solutions to provide options for backup care resources, summer camps, pet care, tutoring, and college coaching.
Together, our rewards make up a comprehensive package that helps our employees and cast members live their best lives, grow personally and professionally, and take advantage of the special extras that only Disney can provide, including theme park admission, merchandise discounts, and more.
► Access more information on benefits at jobs.disneycareers.com/benefits and visit Life at Disney powered by Disney Careers to learn more about our people and values.
Talent Development Competitive Pay & Benefits 52 52. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


“Disney Aspire shows me the Company is dreaming right along with me. It shows me they truly care about who we are—not just as cast members, but as human beings.
And to me, that shows the true nature of Disney. They see us as the heart and soul of the Company, and to see them want to invest in our futures like this is amazing.”
ALICIA DE ARCE DISNEY CRUISE LINE “Disney employees all have something in common: we have dreams. Thanks to Disney Aspire, we can pursue them. I’m so thankful to work for a company that chooses to invest in my future.”
ASHLEY HEFLIN WALT DISNEY WORLD RESORT. 
SPOTLIGHT:
Disney Aspire offers eligible full-time and part-time hourly employees and cast members the opportunity to achieve their career dreams through educational investment and personal development. Tuition costs are paid up front at a network of schools and programs, ranging from learning a new trade to high school completion and college and post-graduate degrees. Disney Aspire continues to demonstrate a high standard in workplace-funded education programs, with one in four applicants to eligible hourly roles citing the program as their primary reason for seeking employment with the Company.
More than 12,500 employees were enrolled at the end of 2021, offering a diverse talent pool seeking career growth—most notably consisting of women (60%) and Hispanic (36%) participants. As of the end of FY21, 45% of Disney Aspire graduates have earned a bachelor’s or master’s degree through the program, with top areas of interest including business, communications, human resources, hospitality, and social sciences. Another 40% of graduates have enrolled in a second program, working their way towards earning a degree, and more than 10% of our graduates have been promoted internally.
New this year is the addition of the Disney Aspire Alumni Association, a network of 2,400+ graduates who are brought together through exclusive events, networking, and advising, connecting them with established leaders in their field of interest to aid in their post-graduation success.
Disney Aspire was brought to life through a five-year $150 million commitment announced in 2018, and we are pleased to have met and exceeded that financial commitment in half the anticipated time. We look forward to continuing to invest in Disney Aspire, opening even more opportunities to help our employees get to where they want to go, whether at Disney or beyond.
► Read more about Disney Aspire online.
Career Dreams Within Reach Through Disney Aspire 53 53. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE


We are committed to high standards in everything we do, everywhere we operate. Integrity, honesty, trust, respect, playing by the rules, and teamwork—these define our operating principles.
54 54. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Corporate Governance. 
At Disney, we are committed to operating our businesses with integrity and adopting governance policies that promote the thoughtful representation of our stakeholders’ interests. The Company’s Board of Directors is currently comprised of 11 Directors that come from leading global organizations and strategically relevant industries, encompassing a diverse range of talents, skills, and expertise. In 2021, the Board added two new Directors—Amy Chang, veteran technology executive, and Calvin McDonald,
Chief Executive Officer of Lululemon Athletica Inc. These Directors bring expertise in digital technology and the digital consumer experience. In addition to our Chairman of the Board, Susan Arnold, 10 of our 11 Directors are independent and all the Directors on the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees on our Board are independent. Our Directors reflect the diversity of the. 
Company’s shareholders, employees, consumers, and communities. Currently, 7 out of our 11 Directors represent gender, ethnic, or racial diversity, including our Chairman of the Board and all four of our. 
Board committee chairs.
► Read more about Board accountability for ESG in the CSR & ESG Oversight section of this report and more about our corporate governance practices in our Proxy Statement.
Board Diversity. 
ETHNIC DIVERSITY ETHNIC/GENDER DIVERSITY. 
GENDER DIVERSITY 36% 64% 45% 4 out of 11 directors are racially/ethnically diverse: 7 out of 11 directors are gender/ethnically diverse 5 out of 11 directors are women. 
Asian. 
Asian & Black. 
Black. 
Latina. 
Ethics. 
Disney is committed to conducting business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. Our Standards of Business Conduct apply to all employees and provide resources and tools to promote ethical conduct and compliance with the law. Our. 
Board of Directors is also expected to uphold these principles, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and. 
Ethics for Directors. We regularly engage our leaders and employees on these Standards through training and other forms of communication, and employees and cast members can report ethical concerns to our internal alert hotline The Guideline.
Risk Oversight. 
The Board, either directly or through committees, assesses major risks that relate to the Company and its performance, including risks that relate to key economic and market assumptions that inform the Company’s business plans (including significant transactions) and growth strategies, and significant operational risks related to the conduct of the Company’s day-to-day operations.
► Read more about risk management in our latest Proxy Statement and 10-K.
SV-HL-310a.4. 
Operating Responsibly 55 55. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Supply Chain. 
International Labor Standards: International Labor Standards:
A critical piece of our corporate responsibility efforts comprises operating a global supply chain that fosters safe, inclusive, and respectful workplaces wherever Disney-branded products are made. Disney has set labor standards for the tens of thousands of facilities that make Disney-branded products, whether we procure products from them directly or license our intellectual property to independent businesses that use their own supply chains and distribution networks.
These standards come to life through our International Labor Standards (ILS) program. The ILS program is informed by Disney’s Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Code of Conduct for. 
Manufacturers, along with a range of other responsible business expectations. Additionally, our approach is informed by the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the OECD’s. 
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. Now in its third decade, the ILS program tracks the names and locations of authorized factories making Disney-branded products; sets standards for when, where, and how social compliance audits confirm compliance with our standards; and provides guidance to vendors and licensees on improving the labor conditions of their facilities, if needed.
► Visit our Supply Chain page to learn more about our efforts and what's to come in 2022.
CG-AA-430b.1; CG-TS-430a.1; CG-AA-430b.2; CG-TS-430a.2; CG-AA-430b.3. 
Workers in Bangladesh work with BSR HERproject to prevent workplace harassment. Photo credit: @BSR/Kamrul Hassan 56 56. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Collaboration & Investment: Collaboration & Investment:
Through our Supply Chain Investment Program (SCIP), we provide financial and programmatic support to nonprofit organizations, social enterprises, and United Nations agencies whose projects aim to create scalable, long-term improvements in global working conditions.
Since 2012, Disney has contributed more than $23 million through the SCIP to more than 40 unique programs. For example: z In 2021, we joined efforts with BSR HERproject to focus on addressing workplace harassment in Bangladesh. BSR HERproject engages factory workers to strengthen factory policies, support mechanisms for reporting, build enhanced worker management communications, and train staff on violence and harassment prevention.
z This year, the award-winning digital training platform Quizrr is using Disney’s SCIP funding to expand Quizrr’s dynamic worker and manager curriculum by developing and piloting a forced labor training for factory workers and management.
z RightsDD, a social enterprise building an affordable modern slavery due diligence platform, is utilizing SCIP funds to deliver technology to small- and medium-sized enterprises that may lack the capacity and resources to conduct necessary forced labor and modern slavery due diligence. To date, more than 300 companies have subscribed to RightsDD's technology.
z For the first time, in 2021 SCIP funding was directed to the Global Fund to End Modern Slavery. Disney’s support is being applied to scale a modular mobile app, called SafeStep, designed for vulnerable migrant workers who are at risk of exploitation and forced labor. The app will allow migrants to document and track costs associated with their work, store contracts and important identification documents, and assess local wages to prevent debt bondage and unethical recruitment.
► Read more here about the SCIP projects we have funded. Two workers complete worker rights training digitally through Quizrr.
57 57. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Digital Citizenship & Online Safety Grants: Digital Citizenship & Online Safety Grants:
Through our Digital Grant Portfolio, Disney supports NGOs working on digital issues that affect the health, safety, and success of children around the globe. Grantees provide expertise in areas including digital literacy and resilience, privacy, critical thinking, and educator training.
In 2021, we invested in expanding children’s digital well-being into four new regional markets including India, Korea, Indonesia, and the. 
Middle East and North Africa, and we established a new partner at. 
Boston Children’s Hospital that provides science-based resources for caregivers to raise healthy, smart, and kind children in a digitally saturated world.
We also increased our focus on accessibility, diversity, and inclusion.
We partnered with the Dutch Media Literacy Network to create a new platform for professional caretakers of young people with cognitive disabilities to help keep them safe online.
In addition to integrating safety messages in our own content and products and supporting a number of NGO partners, we join industry coalitions to promote user awareness of online safety. We are a long-time sponsor of fragFINN, collaborate with Childnet on Safer. 
Internet Day in the UK, act as signatories to the Alliance to Better. 
Protect Minors Online, serve on the Board of the Family Online Safety. 
Institute, and more.
 ► See more on our approach to digital wellness in our Privacy Center.
Digital Wellness. 
We recognize the promise of technology for children’s education, expression, inclusion, and, of course, entertainment, as our digital lives continue to expand rapidly. Disney is committed to delivering positive, inclusive, and curated content and experiences designed for children of all ages and their families to enjoy together. Our internal policies and practices promote safety within our digital experiences, and we provide parents with recommendations on practices and tools to effectively manage their family’s own digital experience. For example, our Internet Safety page includes Internet safety tips and questions for caregivers to ask children about their use of the. 
Internet. And Disney+ provides a set of parent control options including the ability to establish individual viewer profiles with rating settings.
Tax Strategy. 
Our global tax strategy supports our commitment to high standards of corporate governance, transparency, and responsibility in supporting the execution of our global business strategy. Our tax strategy, and its underlying principles, applies to all controlled subsidiaries of The Walt Disney Company and guides the decisions we make relating to corporate tax matters. We operate with a zero- tolerance approach to tax evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion.
► Read more in our Global Tax Strategy statement.
Digital campaign in the Netherlands, teaching digital wellness to young people with cognitive disabilities.
58 58. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


The Company’s information security program incorporates the core functions of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, which provide a strategic view of the organization’s management of cybersecurity risk. These functions cover areas such as asset management, governance, risk management, identity and access management, awareness and training, data and information protection, response and recovery, and communication protocols—each as they relate to cybersecurity.
Internal and external assessors periodically evaluate and benchmark the Company’s information security program from both a design and effectiveness perspective.
 ► Read more about our approach to privacy in our Data Privacy. 
Center, and our approach to cybersecurity in our TWDC Information. 
Security Management System document.
At Disney, we carefully consider the rights as well as the cognitive and emotional maturity of children and maintain internal guidelines that apply to marketing to support taking a leadership position in protecting children. Our guidelines and policies are designed to take extra care to promote the digital and physical safety of children in our products, experiences, and communications, as well as encourage children to make good choices. Our Nutrition Guideline Policy guides our promotion of healthier foods and beverages to kids and families. These guidelines apply to our studio promotions, food and beverage licensing, third-party advertising on our kids' networks, and kids' meals in our Disney Parks. Ongoing reviews of these global guidelines help us reflect up-to-date dietary guidance and consider the evolving social and scientific understanding of children’s physical and digital lives. In FY21, we continued to meet our target of having all food and beverage advertising on our owned and controlled media platforms oriented to kids and families meet our Nutrition. 
Guideline Policy.
 ► Read more about our approach to responsible marketing online.
Privacy & Cybersecurity. 
Disney has implemented a robust and comprehensive global privacy program based on the principles of privacy by design, accountability, transparency, and giving consumers meaningful controls over their personal data. We regularly assess and update our program to meet the requirements of emerging privacy laws and regulations across the world, as well as to keep up with rapid advancements in technology and new business initiatives. Day-to-day management of our data privacy policies is currently overseen by our Senior Vice. 
President, Global Public Policy, who reports directly to our General. 
Counsel. We have incorporated privacy topics into the Company’s. 
Standards of Business Conduct training and conduct ongoing specialized training for relevant groups that handle consumer and employee data.
Our Senior Vice President, Information Security and Risk. 
Management, currently oversees day-to-day management of data security and updates the Board of Directors or Audit Committee, at least annually, on the Company’s information security objectives and program. This role works closely with our Executive Vice President of Enterprise Technology and Chief Information Officer, and both roles report directly to our Chief Financial Officer.
Responsible Marketing. 
TC-IM-220a.1;TC-IM-230a.2 FB-RN-260a.3 59 59. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Our dedication to high-quality journalism and editorial integrity guide our news operations and content. This means a commitment to fairness, compelling storytelling, and accuracy across ABC News and. 
ESPN. In 2021, ABC News was granted numerous prestigious industry awards, including nine Edward R. Murrow Awards across broadcast and radio, more than any other network. ESPN established the. 
Inclusive Content Committee in FY21, a team of 15 employees striving to enhance ESPN’s storytelling by serving as a diverse resource for content creators.
 ► Read more about journalistic integrity in the SASB Index and World of Belonging sections of this report.
The safety of experiences and products bearing Disney brands, characters, and other intellectual property is of the utmost importance to Disney.
In our parks and resorts around the world, Safety is the first of the “Five. 
Keys” of Disney’s standards for theme park excellence. Our cast and crew members regularly receive safety training and communications through formal instruction, on-the-job training, and a structured communications process, and we have Safety professionals from a broad range of disciplines including medicine, engineering, quality, maintenance, attraction operations, ergonomics, human factors, industrial hygiene, occupational safety, and food safety. Additionally, in 2021, we continued increased health and safety measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic to help keep our guests and cast members healthy and safe.
Created and launched in 2003, Disney’s Wild About Safety program features The Lion King’s Timon and Pumbaa, on a mission to spread important safety and health messages at Disney’s domestic and international theme parks and resorts and to families worldwide through illustrations, activities, videos, and curriculum.
Our product integrity function administers Disney’s policies, procedures, and operating requirements designed to help us achieve our safety objectives and commitments with respect to physical products containing Disney intellectual property. Disney requires that licensees and vendors contractually commit to follow reasonable and proper procedures for verifying that Disney-branded products comply with applicable regulatory requirements and any additional requirements that may be specified by Disney.
► Read more online about Disney Parks' commitment to Health & Safety for our guests and cast members, including our continued commitment to. 
COVID-19 measures, and our leadership in response to COVID-19 in the. 
Investing in Our People section of this report.
Journalistic Integrity Guest & Product Safety SV-ME-270a.3; SV-ME-260a.2 60 60. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS OPERATING RESPONSIBLY


Looking Ahead and Data & Reporting Frameworks


In 2021, we focused our enterprise-wide CSR efforts on inspiring a better world through the power of our stories. We realigned our CSR priorities to key areas—World of Belonging (Diversity, Equity & Inclusion), World in Balance (Environmental Sustainability), World of Hope (Community), Investing in Our People, and Operating Responsibly—to clearly communicate our priorities to internal and external stakeholders.
As we look ahead to 2022 and beyond, we will continue to strengthen our CSR commitments through our offerings, operations, and philanthropic efforts using these focus areas as our guide.
In 2021, we rolled out a Diversity Dashboard and launched the Reimagine Tomorrow website, and in 2022, we will inspire a World of. 
Belonging by prioritizing and continuing to measure how we embed inclusion and belonging into our content, products, experiences, and more.
Our 2030 Environmental Goals will help us support a World in Balance. While we aim to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions for our direct operations, zero waste to landfill at our wholly owned and operated parks and resorts, and more by 2030, in 2022, we will continue to expand our commitment to solar energy and invest in alternative energy technologies. While we do our part to mitigate the impact of our operations on the environment, we will also use our programming, experiences, dining, and sustainably produced products to inspire action to care for our planet.
We also remain committed to creating a World of Hope, especially for children and families. We will continue to utilize the power of our stories and characters, the unparalleled reach of our platforms, and the passion of our cast member and employee VoluntEARS, to bring comfort, optimism, and joy to our communities.
As our Company continues to grow, so do our aspirations. Our commitment to Inspire a Better World through the power of our one-of-a-kind stories is both our key differentiator and how we will continue to play a unique role in the future of our world.
Looking Ahead Recent Awards & Recognition z Fortune 2021 World’s Most Admired Companies (#4) z Comparably 2020 Best Places to Work (#39) z Fast Company 2021 Best Workplaces for Innovators, Walt Disney. 
Imagineering (#38) z Forbes 2021 Best Employers for New Grads (ESPN #16, Disney #247) z Forbes 2021 America’s Best Mid-Sized Employers (ESPN #19) z HR Executive’s 2021 Most Admired for HR (#8) z JUST Capital's 2022 JUST 100 list (#72 overall, #1 in Media) z FTSE4Good Global Index z 2021 Edward R. Murrow Awards: 9 awards for ABC News across broadcast and radio, including Overall Excellence for both z 2020 Peabody Award for 20/20's "Say Her Name: Breonna Taylor" z 2021 GLAAD Media Awards: 7 wins z ESPN granted 20 awards in FY21 for its citizenship programming, campaigns, and related editorial content z Human Rights Campaign Foundation 2021 Corporate Equality Index:
Perfect Score, 15th consecutive year z 2021 National Business Inclusion Consortium Best-of-the-Best. 
Corporations for Inclusion z Disability:In 2021 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion: 100%
Score z 2021 NAACP Image Awards: 17 awards, more than any other network or distributor z 2021 Environmental Media Association Awards: 5 nominations and 2 wins, plus 36 Green Seals and 22 Gold Seals z 2021 SEAL Business Sustainability Award winner 62 62. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS LOOKING AHEAD


Data & Reporting Frameworks. 
We are committed to providing an annual account of our performance on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues. Our assessment of priority areas of impact and risk to our businesses, society, and stakeholders drive the content and data in this report. These priorities—and thereby our reporting of them—are greatly informed by the various frameworks used to evaluate company performance.
These include but are not limited to: the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), United Nations Sustainable. 
Development Goals (SDGs), and others.
This update represents our impacts, progress, and results as they relate to social and environmental responsibility. We present performance data throughout the update, and we are committed to the continued improvement, accuracy, and sophistication of our social and environmental responsibility information. To this end, our Corporate Reporting function, which also manages Disney’s financial data and reporting, collects and validates our data. We take care to explain estimates or assumptions that have been used in the development of metrics, as appropriate.
This annual update, along with the stories, content, and policies available on our website, social media channels, and other platforms, provides a broad view of our social and environmental responsibility efforts. We regularly review these materials with stakeholders and appreciate feedback on our efforts and reporting. To learn more, please visit: thewaltdisneycompany.com and impact.disney.com, and follow us on social media at @DisneyCSR.
Scope. 
Unless specified otherwise, all data and information in this CSR Report pertain to efforts in fiscal year 2021, which began on October 4, 2020, and ended on October 2, 2021. For the most part, data refers to assets under management as of the beginning of the fiscal year.
The terms “Company,” “we,” “Disney,” and “our” are used to refer collectively to the parent company and the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted. Inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of that information. Please also see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 2, 2021 and other publicly-filed documents available at thewaltdisneycompany.com/investor-relations/.
Select Policies & Practices Disney is committed to a number of ESG policies and practices that promote the thoughtful and ethical operation of our businesses.
Environment 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper Live Animals in Entertainment Policy Management of Chemicals in Consumer Products Natural Climate Solutions White Paper Paper Sourcing and Use Policy. 
Social California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Statement Charitable Giving Guidelines Code of Conduct for Manufacturers Conflict Minerals Policy 2019 EEO-1 and 2020 EEO-1 Human Rights Policy Statement International Labor Standards Program Manual Involuntary Labor Policy Nutrition Guidelines Our Stories and Characters Permitted Sourcing Countries Policy Privacy Center Smoking in Movies UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement. 
Governance Anti-piracy Policy Global Tax Strategy Statement Information Security Management System Political Giving & Participation in the Formulation of Public Policy Standards of Business Conduct ► Visit our ESG Reporting Center to see more.
63 63. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP13. 
Emissions & Energy 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Scope 1 Emissions (metric tons CO2e)14, 15 503,221 597,067 856,619 897,432 Scope 2 Emissions (location based) (metric tons CO2e)14, 15 675,984 851,029 1,010,447 1,028,828 Scope 2 Emissions (market based) (metric tons CO2e)14, 15, 16 687,042 745,582 931,685 976,732 Scope 1 & 2 Emissions (location based) (metric tons CO2e)14, 15 1,179,205 1,448,096 1,867,066 1,926,260 Scope 1 & 2 Emissions (market based) (metric tons CO2e)14, 15, 16 1,190,263 1,342,649 1,788,304 1,874,164 Retired Carbon Credits (metric tons CO2e)16, 17 410,120 470,209 860,620 892,769 Net Emissions (market based) (metric tons CO2e)14, 15, 16 780,143 872,440 927,685 981,395 Total Energy (MWh)18 3,907,990 4,435,208 5,834,265 5,915,363 Percentage Grid Electricity19 48% 43% Not Reported Not Reported Percentage Renewables20 5.3% 6.9% Not Reported Not Reported Percentage Zero Carbon Electricity21 39% Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
Waste. 
Total Percentage of Operational Waste Diverted from Landfill and Incineration (Company)22 61% 60% 57% 54%
Total Operational Waste Generated (Company) (tons)22 138,683 152,048 252,744 251,205 Total Operational Waste Sent to Landfill (Company) (tons)22 53,259 59,268 103,115 111,386 Total Operational Waste Diverted (Company) (tons)22 83,170 90,480 145,271 135,617 Total Percentage of Operational Waste Diverted from Landfill and Incineration (Wholly Owned Parks and Resorts)22 60% Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
Total Operational Waste Sent to Landfill (Wholly Owned Parks and Resorts) (tons)22 44,313 Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
Water. 
Potable Water Consumed (billions of gallons)23 5.15 4.99 6.53 6.46 Non-potable Water Consumed (billions of gallons)23 1.62 Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
Sustainable Design. 
Construction Waste Diverted (U.S. and Europe)24 97% Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
SOCIAL IMPACT. 
Charitable Giving 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Charitable Giving (cash, millions U.S. $)25 $87.1 $80.4 $107.0 $103.7 Charitable Giving (in-kind donations, millions U.S. $)26 $206.6 $252.7 $231.2 $229.1 Total Charitable Giving (cash and in-kind donations, millions U.S. $)25, 26 $293.7 $333.1 $338.2 $332.8. 
Charitable Giving to Programs Supporting Underrepresented Communities25, 26, 27 $153.8 Not Reported Not Reported Not Reported. 
Volunteerism. 
VoluntEARS Hours28 341,500 321,700 612,300 600,100. 
Supplier Diversity. 
Total Direct Spend with Minority, Women, Disabled, Veteran, Service-Disabled Veteran, and LGBTQ+ Owned Business Enterprises (millions, U.S. $)29 $449.0 $438.7 $590.8 $554.7. 
WORKFORCE. 
Employment & Employment Status 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Global Employees30, 31, 32 190,000 203,000 224,000 185,000 Casual Seasonal (global)30, 31 5% 1% 7% 8% Casual Ongoing (global)30, 31 16% 19% 18% 20% Full-Time (global)30, 31 79% 80% 75% 72% Percentage of Employees Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements (U.S.)30, 33 54% 54% 50% 51%
Training, Development & Competitive Pay. 
Trainings Offered (unique)34 38,300 41,800 38,000 20,700 Number of Trainings Taken34 2,050,000 1,590,000 1,600,000 1,027,500 Median Wage Earnings for U.S. Disney Parks & Resorts Hourly Employees35 $17/hour $17/hour Not Reported Not Reported. 
Percentage of U.S. Disney Parks & Resorts Hourly Employees Earning State Minimum Wage or Higher35 100% 100% Not Reported Not Reported. 
FY21 Data Table12 64 64. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


Overall Workforce 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Women (Global) 50.3% 50.9% 50.9% 51.3% People of Color (U.S.) 46.3% 46.1% 45.6% 44.2% Asian (U.S.) 7.4% 7.3% 7.2% 6.7% Black or African American (U.S.) 8.6% 8.4% 8.4% 8.6% Hispanic or Latino (U.S.) 27.0% 27.1% 26.7% 25.9% Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.) 0.3% 0.3% 0.3% 0.3% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.) 0.6% 0.7% 0.7% 0.7% White (U.S.) 50.9% 51.1% 51.5% 52.4% Two or More Races (U.S.) 2.3% 2.4% 2.3% 2.1% Undisclosed (U.S.) 2.7% 2.7% 2.9% 3.4%
Executive. 
Women (Global) 43.3% 41.8% 40.9% 40.6% People of Color (U.S.) 24.7% 22.5% 21.2% 19.5% Asian (U.S.) 10.2% 9.6% 9.0% 7.7% Black or African American (U.S.) 6.0% 4.9% 4.4% 4.5% Hispanic or Latino (U.S.) 6.3% 6.1% 6.1% 5.7% Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.) 0.2% 0.3% 0.2% 0.3% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.) 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% White (U.S.) 73.3% 76.1% 77.1% 79.7% Two or More Races (U.S.) 1.8% 1.4% 1.3% 1.1% Undisclosed (U.S.) 1.9% 1.4% 1.6% 0.7%
Manager 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Women (Global) 43.3% 42.8% 42.6% 43.7% People of Color (U.S.) 30.2% 29.3% 29.3% 26.9% Asian (U.S.) 10.3% 10.0% 10.1% 8.6% Black or African American (U.S.) 5.6% 5.2% 5.0% 4.7% Hispanic or Latino (U.S.) 11.7% 11.6% 11.8% 11.5% Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.) 0.3% 0.2% 0.2% 0.3% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.) 0.4% 0.4% 0.4% 0.3% White (U.S.) 67.8% 69.3% 69.3% 72.0% Two or More Races (U.S.) 1.8% 1.8% 1.8% 1.5% Undisclosed (U.S.) 2.0% 1.3% 1.4% 1.1%
Below Manager. 
Women (Global) 51.9% 52.7% 52.8% 52.9% People of Color (U.S.) 50.0% 49.8% 49.3% 47.7% Asian (U.S.) 6.8% 6.8% 6.6% 6.3% Black or African American (U.S.) 9.3% 9.0% 9.1% 9.3% Hispanic or Latino (U.S.) 30.5% 30.4% 30.1% 28.8% Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.) 0.3% 0.3% 0.3% 0.3% Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.) 0.7% 0.7% 0.7% 0.8% White (U.S.) 47.2% 47.2% 47.5% 48.5% Two or More Races (U.S.) 2.5% 2.5% 2.4% 2.2% Undisclosed (U.S.) 2.9% 3.0% 3.2% 3.8%
Directors 2021 2020. 
People of Color 39.7% 33.5% White 60.3% 66.5% Women 42.2% 40.3% Men 57.8% 59.7%
Series Regulars / Leads. 
People of Color 49.0% 45.4% White 51.0% 54.6% Women 47.1% 45.9% Men 52.9% 54.1%
Producers 2021 2020. 
People of Color 26.4% 22.8% White 73.6% 77.2% Women 37.6% 35.3% Men 62.4% 64.7%
Writers. 
People of Color 33.5% 31.4% White 66.5% 68.6% Women 43.3% 42.1% Men 56.7% 57.9%
On Air 2021 2020. 
People of Color 40.7% 39.6% White 59.3% 60.4%
Women 34.4% 33.4%
Men 65.6% 66.6%
Behind the Camera. 
People of Color 31.2% 29.2% White 68.8% 70.8% Women 38.2% 38.6% Men 61.8% 61.4%
DIVERSITY & INCLUSION: WORKFORCE REPRESENTATION30, 36, 37. 
DIVERSITY & INCLUSION: CONTENT REPRESENTATION30, 38. 
SCRIPTED & FILM NEWS & SPORTS. 
FY21 Data Table12 65 65. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


Facility Footprint39, 40 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Aggregate Number of Facilities Manufacturing Disney-Branded Products During the Fiscal Year 43,700 43,300 42,500 40,100. 
Total Number of Countries 103 99 101 102 Number of Countries with 1% or Less of Total Facilities 87 86 88 90. 
Facility Footprint: Country Data39, 40, 41. 
Number of Facilities Manufacturing Disney-Branded Products By Country: # (% of total)
China 12,070 (28%) 11,640 (27%) 11,210 (26%) 10,050 (25%) Japan 8,210 (19%) 8,050 (19%) 7,960 (19%) 8,300 (21%) USA 5,540 (13%) 5,470 (13%) 5,200 (12%) 4,850 (12%) South Korea 2,120 (5%) 2,090 (5%) 1,900 (4%) 1,840 (5%) Brazil 1,510 (4%) 1,460 (3%) 1,520 (4%) 1,460 (4%) Taiwan 1,360 (3%) 1,340 (3%) 1,300 (3%) 1,080 (3%) Italy 1,290 (3%) 1,380 (3%) 1,370 (3%) 1,280 (3%) India 1,240 (3%) 1,120 (3%) 1,100 (3%) 980 (2%) Turkey 880 (2%) 780 (2%) 670 (2%) 1% or less France 870 (2%) 920 (2%) 930 (2%) 820 (2%) United Kingdom 780 (2%) 880 (2%) 930 (2%) 870 (2%) Portugal 750 (2%) 870 (2%) 810 (2%) 700 (2%) Vietnam 550 (1%) 1% or less 1% or less 1% or less Poland 530 (1%) 1% or less 1% or less 1% or less Germany 520 (1%) 610 (1%) 640 (2%) 600 (1%) Spain 470 (1%) 1% or less 1% or less 1% or less All Other Facilities (in countries with < 1% of total facilities) 5,010 (10%) 6,690 (15%) 6,960 (16%) 7,270 (18%)
Remediation42, 43 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Percentage of Audits with Findings Identified for Remediation. 
Child Labor 1% <1% 1% 1% Involuntary Labor <1% <1% 1% 1% Coercion and Harassment <1% <1% <1% <1% Non-Discrimination <1% <1% 1% 1% Association <1% <1% 1% 1% Health and Safety: Factory 85% 87% 85% 84% Health and Safety: Dormitory 2% 2% 3% 3% Compensation: Minimum Wage 4% 5% 6% 7% Compensation: Overtime Wage 5% 7% 10% 11% Compensation: Overtime Hours 70% 71% 68% 66% Compensation: Social Benefits 64% 65% 63% 61% Protection of the Environment 24% 28% 30% 30% Other Laws 17% 20% 22% 22% Subcontracting 1% 1% 2% 2% Monitoring and Compliance 4% 5% 6% 8% Publication 1% 2% 3% 3%
Facility Audits42, 43. 
Percentage of Tier 1 Supplier Facilities Audited 34% 32% Not Reported Not Reported Percentage of Tier 1 Audits Conducted by a ThirdParty Auditor 96% 94% Not Reported Not Reported. 
HEALTHY LIVING44 2021 2020 2019 2018. 
Percentage of Disney-Licensed Wholesale Food Sales Dedicated to Everyday Foods that Meet Our Nutrition Guidelines. 
Global Meets 85% Target 84% Meets 85% Target Meets 85% Target North America Meets 85% Target Meets 85% Target Meets 85% Target Meets 85% Target. 
SUPPLY CHAIN. 
FY21 Data Table12 66 66. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


Data Table Footnotes General 12. Disney's fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to September 30. Environment 13. Historical data prior to FY21 does not include businesses acquired with TFCF. FY19 and FY20 Emissions and Energy data will be restated later in 2022 to reflect changes in company boundaries and updates to calculation methodologies.
14. The boundary for Disney’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) reporting includes owned and operated assets (such as Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, Disney Cruise Line, and commercial spaces), leased assets (such as Disney Stores and office locations), as well as Productions (including feature films, television, theatricals, and ESPN).
15. Greenhouse gas emissions are measured and calculated according to the principles in the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s “A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, 2004 revised edition” (GHG Protocol).
16. Market based emissions are used where available in calculating carbon credit retirements, total emissions, and net emissions.
17. Carbon credits are from projects developed according to recognized standards (e.g., Climate Action Reserve, Verified Carbon Standard, Gold Standard, etc.). All credits are verified by accredited third-party reviewers.
18. Total energy includes electricity, natural gas, chilled water, hot water, steam, renewable energy, and fuels.
19. Percentage grid electricity is purchased electricity consumption divided by total energy consumption.
20. Percentage renewables is renewable energy consumption divided by total energy consumption. Renewable energy consumed includes renewable fuels and renewable electricity either directly or purchased that explicitly includes Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) or Guarantees of Origin (GOs). The renewable portion of the electricity grid mix for which we do not possess RECs or GOs are not included in this calculation.
21. Percentage zero carbon electricity is zero carbon electricity consumption divided by total electricity consumption. We define zero carbon electricity as any type of electricity generation that does not generate greenhouse gases such as solar, wind, and geothermal resources, but also including existing zero carbon assets on the grid, like nuclear and large-scale hydropower.
22. Waste diverted includes operational waste prevention, donations, recycling, compost, anaerobic digestion, and thermal waste to energy. Total waste generated includes diverted waste, waste sent to landfill, and incineration without energy recovery. Incineration without energy recovery is not counted in total waste sent to landfill nor total waste diverted, thus the two do not add to total waste generated. For total Company data, facilities include Theme Parks & Resorts, Disney Cruise Line, ESPN, enterprise-owned commercial and office spaces, and Pixar. Excluded are all leased properties, Disney Stores and Distribution Centers, TV stations, and all construction materials.
23. The boundary for Disney's water volume reporting includes owned and operated assets (Theme Parks & Resorts, Disney Cruise Line, owned commercial and office spaces, Studios, and ESPN). Water consumption from Disney Stores and leased assets are excluded. Water data for Shanghai Disneyland was not included in data prior to FY21, however it is included in FY21 data.
24. Diversion rate includes data from annual facility asset planning construction projects and construction for new assets that became operational in FY21 in the U.S. and Europe only.
Social Impact 25. Corporate cash giving includes corporate contributions made by the Disney Conservation Fund.
26. In-kind support refers to non-cash contributions comprised of tangible items or non-tangible support. Donations may include but are not limited to estimated values for merchandise, theme park tickets, food, public service airtime (PSAs), character/talent appearances, and other charitable support. Due to differences in distribution, viewership, programming, availabilities, pricing, marketplace demand, and other variables, PSAs are valued differently across our media platforms. For example, in some cases, PSAs are valued based on an average sales price for the time period. In other cases, the value is based on an average sponsor value across a daypart rotation. Therefore, we do not use a single method to value PSAs.
27. Includes grants directed towards historically underrepresented and protected communities, including Asian American, Pacific Islander, Black and African American, Hispanic and Latino, Native American and Indigenous, and LGBTQ+ communities, as well as People with Disabilities, Veterans, and Women. We also include grants to organizations where a percentage of their services reach underrepresented and protected communities. If the organization spends a majority of their efforts on these communities, we count the entire grant, and if the organization does not spend a majority, we count a proration of the grant. For grants to these two types of organizations, we rely on their self-reported percentages regarding communities served. On a sample basis, we validate the percentages that we report.
28. Disney VoluntEARS data includes hours logged by employees of The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries.
29. Supplier Diversity data includes Tier 1 spend with firms that have obtained certification from a third-party agency as being 51% owned, controlled, and operated by a minority, woman, disabled, veteran, service-disabled veteran, or lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender person.
Workforce 30. Employee statistics reflect our employment base at the end of each fiscal year.
31. Headcount includes employees at TWDC, Hulu, Pixar, Disneyland Paris, and TFCF. Excludes dailies, freelancers, contractors, and domestic TWDC employees not paid in the last 60 days.
32. Consistent with our 10-K, Global Employee numbers are rounded to the nearest thousand. FY18 excludes Disneyland Paris employee counts. FY18 employee counts have been slightly revised to reflect the inclusion of Pixar. FY19 employee counts have been slightly revised to reflect a more accurate Disneyland Paris employee base (previously estimated).
33. Prior Collective Bargaining Agreement percentages revised to exclude College Program. This population is in union organizations, but not covered by a CBA as they are part-time.
34. Training-related data is approximate and rounded. Data represents all employees in D Learn, excluding Pixar and contract workers (for all years) and Hulu employees (included for part of FY21, but excluded for prior years). Data incorporates both required and non-required training, including online courses, orientations, in-person classes, on-demand content, and on-the-job training. Participants can attend more than one training and may view online content more than once, depending on their individual needs.
35. Median earnings for hourly employees in our U.S. Disney Parks & Resorts, based on total earnings for total hours paid. Includes the impact of overtime, shift premiums, and gratuities. Excludes the value of benefits for eligible employees. Full-time and part-time hourly employees earn a base rate of at least $15/hour, excluding tipped employees and Walt Disney World College Program participants (this program is not comparable to other employment opportunities as it includes other benefits such as housing, transportation, etc). All employees earn minimum wage or higher.
36. Headcount includes full-time and part-time employees at TWDC, Hulu, Pixar, Disneyland Paris, and TFCF, except for FY18, which excludes DLP, Hulu, and TFCF. Excludes dailies, freelancers, contractors, casual seasonal, interns, and domestic TWDC employees not paid in the last 60 days. Domestic counts exclude Disney Cruise Line Shipboard. Percentages for Women based on Global full- and part-time headcount. Percentages for People of color include U.S.-based full- and parttime employees only. People of color includes employees that identify as Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native American or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or Two or More Races. Prior-year Gender and People of Color numbers have been revised to include full- and part-time employees only in order to align with Reimagine Tomorrow.
37. Executive includes employees with Director levels and above at TWDC, Hulu, and Pixar, and Vice President levels and above at TFCF. Manager includes employees with Manager levels at TWDC, Hulu, and Pixar, and Managers and Directors at TFCF. Below Manager includes employees that do not meet Executive or Manager criteria.
38. Scripted & Film Representation is limited to content developed by TWDC. Data is only available for FY21 and FY20. Percentages include ABC Entertainment, ABC Signature (previously known as ABC Studios), Disney Branded Television, Freeform, FX, Hulu Originals, National Geographic, Onyx Collective, 20th Television, and feature films from Disney, Disney Animation, Pixar, Lucasfilm, 20th, Searchlight, and Marvel. Excludes daytime, unscripted, global content developed in region, and Star. News & Sports Representation includes executive, project hire, full-time, and part-time employees. Excludes contingent workers, student programs, daily employees, and seasonal employees.
Supply Chain 39. The supply chain for Disney-branded products experiences routine fluctuations in active facilities. In any given year, a significant number of new facilities may become authorized to produce Disney-branded products, which complicates any year-to-year comparison. In FY21, the facility count shown includes approximately 2,100 beyond Tier 1 that are subject to the purview of the Disney International Labor Standards (ILS) program.
40. Facility footprint data includes all facilities authorized to manufacture Disney-branded products at any point during the fiscal year. With respect to TFCF intellectual property, as contracts are newly executed, renewed, or amended with respect to the manufacturing of products, the facilities producing such goods fall under the purview of the Disney ILS Program and are included in the facility footprint data. Facility data is rounded to the nearest hundred.
41. For country facility data, total facilities are approximate and rounded.
42. Disney uses the World Bank’s Governance Indicators (WGI) as the primary resource for identifying and comparing areas of risk, and determining where to focus our monitoring resources and requirements. Please refer to our Permitted Sourcing Countries policy.
43. The Disney ILS Program works towards ongoing and sustainable improvement in working conditions at facilities producing Disney-branded products. All Code of Conduct violations identified in active facilities as the result of audits or assessments must be corrected or remediated within the time periods and in the manner established by the Disney ILS Program as a condition of continued use of the facility for the production of Disney-branded products.
Healthy Living 44. Healthy living licensing results do not include TFCF businesses.
67 67. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) developed a voluntary framework for companies to provide climate-related information to stakeholders. In line with TCFD’s recommendations, each year we publicly disclose our climate-related information primarily through our CDP Climate Change survey response. In the following index, we provide a mapping of TCFD’s disclosure recommendations to our CDP responses to make clear where to find comparable information regarding how we approach and manage climate risks and opportunities.
The Walt Disney Company is committed to protecting the planet and delivering a positive environmental legacy for future generations as we operate and grow our businesses. In addition to our annual response to CDP’s. 
Climate Change survey, in late 2020 we launched ambitious new goals to continue making progress in addressing our environmental impacts, and in 2021 the Board delegated oversight of ESG programs and reporting to the. 
Governance and Nominating Committee, including with respect to environmental and sustainability policies and initiatives. For a full description of our goals, read our 2030 Environmental Goals white paper.
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index. 
DESCRIPTION OF TCFD. 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT COMPLETE TCFD DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT 2021 CDP CLIMATE. 
CHANGE RESPONSE. 
Governance Degree of Board oversight (a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. C1.1b. 
Management’s role (b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. C1.2, C1.2a. 
Strategy Climate-related risks and opportunities (a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short-, medium-, and long-term. C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a. 
Impacts of risks and opportunities (b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning. C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.3, C3.4. 
Resilience of the organization’s strategy (c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C-or-lower scenario.
C3.2, C3.2a. 
Risk. 
Management. 
Climate risk identification process (a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a. 
Climate risk management process (b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. C2.1, C2.2. 
Integration with other risk-management processes (c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
C2.1, C2.2. 
Metrics &
Targets. 
Identify risk-assessment metrics (a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk- management process.
C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b. 
Identify GHG emissions (b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks. C6.1, C6.3. 
Identify targets and risk metrics (c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b 68 68. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


The SASB Standards, now part of the Value Reporting Foundation, is a set of standards to guide the disclosure of sustainability information by companies to their investors. The following Index maps our disclosures to certain SASB indicators. Given our broad array of businesses that span multiple industries all around the globe, we focused this year’s reporting on the recommended indicators for the “Media & Entertainment” and “Internet Media & Services” industries. Where relevant, we also highlight select information relevant to the “Leisure Facilities,” “Hotels & Lodging,” “Restaurants,” “Cruise Lines,” “Apparel, Accessories, and Footwear,” and “Toys & Sporting Goods” industries. As our businesses continue to grow and evolve, we expect to advance and refine our disclosures over time. Metrics and disclosures are reported on an enterprise-wide level, unless otherwise indicated.
TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) LOCATION/RESPONSE SASB CODE. 
Greenhouse Gas. 
Emissions. 
Gross Global Scope 1 emissions • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 TR-CL-110a.1. 
Greenhouse Gas. 
Emissions. 
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper • 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response. 
TR-CL-110a.2. 
Energy. 
Management (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable • (1, 2, 3) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 TC-IM-130a.1;
SV-LF-130a.1;
SV-HL-130a.1;
FB-RN-130a.1. 
Water. 
Management (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely. 
High Baseline Water Stress • (1, 2) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • We are disclosing total potable water consumption and total non-potable water consumption at this time, and will assess the expansion of our disclosures in future reporting.
TC-IM-130a.2;
SV-HL-140a.1;
FB-RN-140a.1. 
Waste. 
Management (1) Total amount of waste, (2) percentage food waste, and (3) percentage diverted • (1, 3) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 FB-RN-150a.1. 
Labor Conditions in the Supply. 
Chain. 
Percentage of (1) Tier 1 supplier facilities and (2) supplier facilities beyond Tier 1 that have been audited to a labor code of conduct, (3) percentage of total audits conducted by a third-party auditor • (1) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 • (2) Not reported • (3) Percentage of Tier 1 audits conducted by a third-party auditor provided in FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67. 
CG-AA-430b.1;
CG-TS-430a.1. 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index 69 69. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) LOCATION/RESPONSE SASB CODE. 
Labor Conditions in the Supply. 
Chain. 
Priority non-conformance rate and associated corrective action rate for suppliers’ labor code of conduct audits • Priority non-conformance rate was 11% • Priority non-conformance rate is defined as the percentage of audits with findings where facilities failed to meet TWDC Minimum. 
Compliance Standards. For more information see the ILS Program Manual.
• Corrective action rate was 92% • See ILS Program Manual for more information about expectations and timelines for corrective action.
CG-AA-430b.2;
CG-TS-430a.2. 
Labor Conditions in the Supply. 
Chain. 
Description of the greatest (1) labor and (2) environmental, health, and safety risks in the supply chain • (1, 2) Supply chain assessments identify the most common risks to be in the areas of health and safety, overtime hours, and social benefits; see FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67. We understand that supply chain assessments may not fully capture some under-reported issues, including such issues as sexual harassment, forced labor, and interference with freedom of association.
We continue to explore additional methods for gaining such visibility. Our supply chain policy commitments are described in our ILS. 
Program Manual, Human Rights Policy Statement, Conflict Minerals Policy, California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Statement,
UK Modern Slavery Act Statement, Restricting the Use of Uzbek Cotton Statement, and Paper Sourcing and Use Policy.
CG-AA-430b.3. 
Workforce. 
Diversity. 
Programs and policies for fostering equitable employee representation across global operations • World of Belonging, pp. 16-21, 26 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 65, 67 • Standards of Business Conduct, p. 10 • Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination. 
SV-ME-260a.1. 
Workforce. 
Diversity. 
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for (1) management, (2) professionals, and (3) all other employees • (1, 2, 3) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 65, 67 • Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination. 
TC-IM-330a.3. 
Labor Practices (1) Average hourly wage and (2) percentage of hourly employees earning minimum wage • (1, 2) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 SV-HL-310a.3. 
FB-RN-310a.2. 
Labor Practices Description of policies and programs to prevent worker harassment • Standards of Business Conduct, pp. 9-10, 37-38 SV-HL-310a.4. 
Media Pluralism Description of policies and procedures to ensuring pluralism in news media content • ABC News is committed to Diversity & Inclusion. There are three pillars to ABC News's Diversity & Inclusion efforts: – PEOPLE—Our people, at all levels, should reflect the life experiences of our audiences. This is reflected across all staffing levels, correspondents, executives, managers, producers, writers, editors, and junior staff.
– CONTENT—Our work is relevant to a rapidly diversifying audience. This is reflected in the growth of content and story coverage that focuses on the experiences and interests of diverse audiences at the intersection of race, politics, culture, and lifestyle.
– CULTURE—Our environment promotes curiosity, innovation, and ideas from everyone. This is reflected in a number of initiatives including the News Division-wide “Everyday Inclusion” program, relevant employee committees, and frequent Diversity &
Inclusion workshops and discussions programed throughout the year.
SV-ME-260a.2 70 70. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) LOCATION/RESPONSE SASB CODE. 
Media Pluralism (Continued)
Description of policies and procedures to ensuring pluralism in news media content. 
ABC News’s commitment to the straightforward pursuit of truth drives all our work across platforms in established and new-and- emerging technologies. Our success lies in our dedication to the highest quality journalism, which means a commitment to fairness, compelling storytelling, and, of utmost importance, uncompromising accuracy. We expect employees to approach their work with rigor, to question thoroughly and skeptically, and to analyze deeply.
We continue to build on the exceptional legacy of ABC News, upholding high standards in journalism, while also leading in innovation. Our editorial integrity and commitment to accuracy provide the foundation for the outstanding work that we do.
SV-ME-260a.2. 
Journalistic. 
Integrity &
Sponsorship. 
Identification. 
Description of approach for ensuring journalistic integrity of news programming related to: (1) truthfulness, accuracy, objectiveness, fairness, and accountability, (2) independence of content and/or transparency of potential bias, and (3) protection of privacy and limitation of harm • (1) Truthfulness, accuracy, objectivity, fairness, and accountability: It is the mission of ABC News to inform the public on matters of interest and importance to them. The credibility we have with our audience is essential to this mission and we, therefore, attach great importance to the maintenance of our fairness and integrity—both real and perceived—as we gather and report the news. Company policies on Business Ethics, Fairness, and Insider Trading apply to all employees in every division, and those policies are particularly important to ABC News employees. We share responsibility for maintaining our reputation for fairness and accuracy. Action that damages that reputation, or even gives the appearance of compromising it, harms both ABC News and the individuals involved. All employees of ABC News are, therefore, required to abide by the letter and spirit of the fairness policies and to be alert to subtle efforts that could have the effect of compromising the integrity of ABC News.
• (2) Independence of content and/or transparency of potential bias: ABC News employees are hired to report and record news events, not to participate in them. News employees should remain professionally detached in all situations and not take action that would be seen as favoring one side or the other. We take particular care to act in a neutral and professional manner where the passions of others are engaged or aroused. We must all share an uncompromising commitment to accuracy and fairness in reporting the news. We should seek out knowledgeable and credible sources of information, and we should reach out for and carefully evaluate comment from those accused of wrongdoing and others with relevant information and perspectives on the matters that. 
SV-ME-270a.3 we are covering. When ABC News covers stories about The Walt Disney Company or other affiliated or subsidiary companies, we make clear disclosures about the relationship.
(3) Protection of privacy and limitation of harm: News staffers receive extensive guidance and training on privacy concerns and other legal issues through legal and standards training sessions. And as a regular part of our newsgathering process, there are targeted reporting meetings to discuss journalistic and legal issues.
Similarly, the mission of ESPN is to provide credible, timely, contextual, and trustworthy information. This mission is supported by detailed editorial guidelines intended to protect ESPN’s journalistic credibility across platforms and with the oversight of the ESPN. 
Editorial Board. ESPN reviews its performance against these standards on an ongoing basis and regularly reviews and provides training on guidelines for personnel. Ultimately, every member of the ESPN editorial teams is responsible for upholding the reputation and integrity of ESPN reporting.
71 71. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) LOCATION/RESPONSE SASB CODE. 
Nutritional. 
Content. 
Number of advertising impressions made on children, percentage promoting products that meet national dietary guidelines for children • 100% of food and beverage advertising on Disney-branded media platforms oriented to kids and families meets Disney Nutrition. 
Guideline standards.
• Disney Nutrition Guideline standards are informed by national dietary guidelines and focus on limiting calories, fats, sugars, and salt while promoting consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein, and low-fat dairy.
FB-RN-260a.3. 
Data Privacy Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy • We are committed to giving consumers transparency into our data collection and use practices and robust controls over how we use that data. Our privacy policy describes how consumers’ information is collected and used, as well as the very limited circumstances under which consumer data may be shared with third parties. That policy also contains information about choices consumers must make to limit the use of their data for targeted advertising and direct marketing purposes. Links to the privacy policy, as well as the control mechanisms for limiting targeted advertising, can be found on our Privacy Center.
TC-IM-220a.1. 
Data Privacy Number of users whose information is used for secondary purposes • As described above, we are committed to giving consumers notice about how their data will be used, and we only share data with third parties in very limited circumstances, such as when the consumer gives their consent or where the third party is acting as our service provider. Accordingly, we do not have a policy of using consumers’ data for secondary purposes.
TC-IM-220a.2. 
Data Security. 
Standards. 
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks, including use of third-party guidelines for children • Our approach to cybersecurity is addressed in the Operating Responsibly section of this report on p. 59, and in greater detail in our. 
Information Security Management System document online.
FB-RN-260a.3. 
Intellectual. 
Property Protection & Media Piracy. 
Description of approach to ensuring intellectual property (IP) protection • Disney strives to foster a culture that values intellectual property protection to promote creativity, storytelling, and innovation as well as maintain consumer trust. We engage in practices that protect Disney’s intellectual property, including our brands, characters, and content. We also respect the intellectual property rights of others, and do not knowingly use the intellectual property of third parties without appropriate rights. Disney also requires all contributors to respect third-party intellectual property rights. We have also implemented internal intellectual property policies and trainings to increase awareness and respect for intellectual property rights among all Disney employees.
SV-ME-520a.1 72 72. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


TOPIC ACCOUNTING METRIC(S) LOCATION/RESPONSE SASB CODE. 
Households reached by broadcast TV • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, p. 6 SV-ME-000.A. 
Subscribers to cable networks • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, pp. 6, 8 SV-ME-000.A. 
Subscribers to streaming services ("Entity-defined measure of user activity") • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, p. 40 TC-IM-000.A. 
Total number of media productions and publications produced • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, p. 10 • Our film library includes content from approximately 100 years of production history, as well as acquired film libraries, and totals approximately 4,900 live-action titles and 400 animation titles. Our television programming library includes content from approximately 70 years of production history. Series with four or more seasons include approximately 75 one-hour dramas, 50 half- hour comedies, 5 half-hour non-scripted series, 25 one-hour non-scripted series, 15 half-hour animated series, and 10 half-hour live- action series.
SV-ME-000.B. 
Number of manufacturing facilities, percentage outsourced • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 CG-TS-000.B. 
Number of available room-nights • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, p. 44 SV-HL-000.A. 
Average occupancy rate • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, p. 44 SV-HL-000.B. 
Number of lodging facilities and the percentage that are: (1) managed, (2) owned and leased, (3) franchised • (1) The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K, pp. 14-17 • (2, 3) Not reported • Five of the hotels located in Shanghai and Hong Kong are owned via a Joint Venture where our ownership is less than 50%.
• Disney Vacation Club offers ownership interest in 15 resort facilities, which are operated as hotel rooms when not occupied by. 
Vacation Club members.
SV-HL-000.D. 
Number of (1) Tier 1 suppliers and (2) suppliers beyond. 
Tier 1 • (1) FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 • (2) FY21 Data Table Footnotes, p. 67. 
CG-AA-000.A 73 73. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


The following Index includes GRI’s standards, which provide a set of voluntary indicators on economic, environmental, and governance impacts of a company’s performance.
GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/RESPONSE 102-1 Name of the organization • The Walt Disney Company 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • The Walt Disney Company Website 102-3 Location of headquarters • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement 102-4 Location of operations • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 102-5 Ownership and legal form • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 102-6 Markets served • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 102-7 Scale of the organization • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 102-8 Information on employees and other workers • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64-65, 67 102-9 Supply chain • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • Our Businesses, p. 13 102-12 External initiatives • Our Approach, p. 10 • World of Belonging, pp. 21-25 • World in Balance, pp. 28, 32 • World of Hope, pp. 40-42, 44-46 • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • Human Rights Policy Statement 102-13 Memberships of associations • UN Sustainable Development Goals, pp. 79-81 • Our Approach, p. 10 • World in Balance, p. 28 • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • Human Rights Policy Statement • U.S. Trade Association Memberships. 
GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES. 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 74 74. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/RESPONSE 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker • Letter from Our Chief Executive Officer, p. 4 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Our Approach, pp. 5-6 102-18 Governance structure • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Our Approach, pp. 5, 9 102-19 Delegating authority • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Our Approach, pp. 5, 9 • Standards of Business Conduct 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics • Our Approach, pp. 5, 9 • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics • Our Approach, pp. 5, 10 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-25 Conflicts of interest • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website • Standards of Business Conduct 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy • Our Approach, pp. 4, 9 • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 75 75. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/RESPONSE 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts • Our Approach, pp. 5-10 • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics • Our Approach, pp. 5-10 • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-35 Remuneration policies • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-36 Process for determining remuneration • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement • Corporate Governance Section of Investor Relations Website 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio • The Walt Disney Company 2022 Proxy Statement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups • Our Approach, p. 10 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders • Our Approach, p. 5, 10 102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries • Data & Reporting Frameworks, p. 63 102-50 Reporting period • Data & Reporting Frameworks, p. 63 102-51 Date of most recent report • Our 2020 CSR Report was published in February 2021 102-52 Reporting cycle • Annual. 
GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/RESPONSE. 
Economic 103-1 & 103-2 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary; management approach • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change • 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response • World in Balance, pp. 28-30, 35-38 • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K 207-1 Approach to tax • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • Operating Responsibly, p. 58 • Global Tax Strategy Statement 207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management • The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2021 10-K • Operating Responsibly, p. 58 • Global Tax Strategy Statement. 
GRI 103: MANAGEMENT APPROACH & GRI 200-400: TOPIC SPECIFIC STANDARDS 76 76. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/ANSWER. 
Environment 103-1 & 103-2: Emissions, Water and Waste Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary; management approach • World in Balance, pp. 28-38 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption • Emissions, pp. 29-30 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource • Water, pp. 31-32 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper 303-5 Water consumption • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas • Disney Conservation, pp. 37-38 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper 304-3 Habitats protected or restored • Disney Conservation, pp. 37-38 • Emissions, p. 29 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions • Emissions, pp. 29-30 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper • 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions • Emissions, pp. 29-30 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper • 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions • Emissions, pp. 29-30 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 • Disney’s 2030 Environmental Goals, p. 39 • 2021 CDP Climate Change Survey Response 77 77. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


GRI DISCLOSURE DESCRIPTION LOCATION/ANSWER. 
Social 103-1 & 103-2: Workforce Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary; management approach • Our People, pp. 48-53 403-6 Promotion of worker health • Our People, pp. 50-52 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64, 67 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs • Our People, pp. 52-53 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees • Operating Responsibly, p. 55 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 64-65, 67 103-1 & 103-2: Supply Chain Labor Standards Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary; management approach • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • Supply Chain, on our corporate website • Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Code of Conduct for Manufacturers 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken • Supply Chain, pp. 56-57 • FY21 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 66-67 103-1 & 103-2: Public Policy Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary; management approach • Political Giving & Participation in the Formulation of Public Policy in the United States 415-1 Political contributions • Political Giving & Participation in the Formulation of Public Policy in the United States 78 78. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a collection of 17 global goals intended to provide a shared “blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.” The following table demonstrates how our Corporate Social Responsibility programs support the SDGs.
NO POVERTY • Our investment with Wildlife Conservation Society in the conservation of the Keo Seima forest in Cambodia includes the sustainable use of land and resources and supports alternative livelihoods to reduce pressure on the forest. The project preserves forest that provides basic needs and cultural identity for more than 2,500 Bunong households, increases water quality, and provides access to clean water for more than 4,000 people.
CLEAN WATER & SANITATION • The Disney Conservation Fund provided grant funding to watershed protection and restoration projects in Florida and Southern California in FY21. • We also implemented site-specific water stewardship strategies at our high-impact sites.
QUALITY EDUCATION • In 2020-2021, with the support of Disney funding, FIRST provided STEM program access to more than 318,000 students worldwide, including more than 50,000 students from underrepresented communities in the U.S.
• In FY21, we distributed more than 4.5 million books to children in need through our First Book donation program, which is supported by Disney’s "Buy a Book, Give a Book" program on shopDisney.com, including more than 100,000 books as part of our Magic of Storytelling campaign.
GENDER EQUALITY • For the sixth year, Disney hosted the Girls Who Code Summer Immersion Program in 2021. • In FY21, 50% of employees worldwide self-identified as women.45 45 As of the end of FY21.
GOOD HEALTH & WELL-BEING • In 2021, we joined a coalition of leading media companies and mental health experts in recognition of the powerful role storytelling can play in addressing mental health challenges, enhanced our Employee. 
Assistance Program to include complimentary consultations with therapists and counselors, and trained our human resources staff on mental health topics. We also offered digital well-being solutions through Talkpsace, Headspace, Unmind, and Grokker, as well as ongoing wellness initiatives, such as health coaching, fitness discounts, and exercise benefits.
• We created educational and science-driven materials that addressed the facts, myths, and more about COVID-19 and the vaccines, which were collectively viewed more than 350,000 times by our employees from launch through the end of FY21.
• We made it as easy as possible for our employees to get vaccinated by offering on-site distribution centers in the U.S. in California, Florida, Connecticut, and France.
• We have a longstanding commitment to ensuring we promote healthier foods and beverages to kids and families through our Healthy Living program, and supported by our Nutrition Guidelines policy.
Sustainable Development Goals Indicators (SDGs) 79 79. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


DECENT WORK & ECONOMIC GROWTH • Since 2012, our Supply Chain Investment Program (SCIP) has provided more than $23 million in financial and programmatic support to more than 40 unique programs driving innovation in addressing supply chain labor standards.
• Our International Labor Standards (ILS) program is informed by Disney’s Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Code of Conduct for Manufacturers, along with a range of other responsible business expectations, the United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business, and Human Rights and the OECD’s Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
• At the end of 2021, more than 12,500 employees were enrolled in Disney Aspire, a program providing financial support for education and personal development.
• D Learn content was consumed nearly 1.5 million times by employees throughout the year.
• We introduced Flexibility @ Disney, a new way of working that introduces more permanent flexibility.
REDUCED INEQUALITIES • 29,000+ passionate employees offer their time, expertise, and cultural insights through Business Employee Resource Groups.
• More than $150 million in charitable giving contributed to programs serving underrepresented communities.46 • Approximately $450 million spent with certified diverse-owned Tier 1 vendors in FY21.
• Launched the Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination and Diversity Dashboard.
• Shanghai Disney Resort hosted an accessibility forum to share inclusion initiatives and career progression advice for people with disabilities.
• Launched Disney on the Yard, a multifaceted initiative to deepen our relationships with HBCUs.
• Continued to develop Inclusion Standards to increase inclusion of underrepresented groups onscreen, in writing and directing jobs, and below the line.
• Launched Onyx Collective, a new content brand on Hulu designed to curate a slate of premium entertainment by creators of color and underrepresented voices.
• Founding sponsor of the groundbreaking industry incubator National Association of Latino Independent Producers, which addresses the underrepresentation of Latino creatives in the entertainment industry.
• We are reimagining our products and attractions to be more inclusive, such as a new attraction based on The Princess and the Frog at Disneyland and adaptive, sensory-friendly costumes and wheelchair coverings.
SUSTAINABLE CITIES & COMMUNITIES • Provided more than $290 million in cash and in-kind charitable contributions.
• More than 340,000 hours of service were contributed by Disney VoluntEARS in FY21.
• Contributed to disaster relief efforts by supporting the American Red Cross' Annual Disaster Giving Program, UNICEF, and Good360.
46 See footnote 4 on p. 11.
AFFORDABLE & CLEAN ENERGY • We completed the installation of a solar array on Castaway Cay, which will power ~70% of the island.
• Hong Kong Disneyland has installed more than 5,000 solar panels and is the single largest solar panel site in Hong Kong.
• In Florida, Walt Disney World and Reedy Creek Improvement District began development of two new 75MW solar facilities, which are expected to come online in 2023.
• For the past 15 years, Disney Parks alone have invested $24 million in energy efficiency projects calculated to reduce a cumulative 1.1 million MWh of energy use.
80 80. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


PEACE, JUSTICE & STRONG INSTITUTIONS • We conduct our business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
• Our Standards of Business Conduct applies to all employees and Disney’s Code of Conduct for Manufacturers sets forth requirements for manufacturers of our products with respect to labor standards and working conditions.
LIFE ON LAND • Disney Conservation Fund (DCF) has invested more than $120 million in community-led conservation efforts spanning half the countries of the world since inception.
• In FY21, DCF provided more than $6 million in grants, supporting 60 non-profit organizations working across 30 countries.
• Hundreds of species and 315 million habitat acres have been protected since DCF’s inception.
• In Brazil, Walt Disney Imagineers helped inspire designs for wildlife overpasses that connect forests and are critical for the survival of remaining golden lion tamarin monkeys.
PARTNERSHIPS FOR THE GOALS • We are a member of several trade organizations with which we engage to support social and environmental actions, such as Business for Social Responsibility and Ceres Corporate Network.
CLIMATE ACTION • Committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2030.
• Participating in a low-carbon shipping pilot with Maersk ECO Delivery, as well as the Clean Cargo initiative.
LIFE BELOW WATER • Continued our 18+ year commitment to sea turtle conservation.
• Achieved a 95% sustainable seafood sourcing rate within our U.S. Disney parks, resorts, and cruise line.47 • For nearly 15 years, our teams have been working to protect and restore the coral reefs outside Disney’s Castaway Cay in The Bahamas, with more than 2,000 corals planted.
47 See footnote 9 on p. 32.
RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION & PRODUCTION • Diverted 61%, or 80,000+ tons, of total Company operational waste from landfills and incinerations.
• Established a new, rigorous set of internal Sustainable Design Standards, aligned with our 2030 environmental goal areas.
• Established a cross-functional consumer products working group to help our Global Product Creation team and external partners understand how they can minimize waste.
• Launched new plastic-free packaging for our line of classic dolls.
81 81. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


82 82. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR CEO OUR APPROACH OUR BUSINESSES WORLD OF BELONGING WORLD IN BALANCE WORLD OF HOPE INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE OPERATING RESPONSIBLY LOOKING AHEAD DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS. 
Forward-Looking Statements. 
Certain statements in this communication may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our plans; expectations; continuation or future execution of initiatives, programs, activities, policies, or disclosures; strategies; goals; objectives; intentions; commitments; targets and other statements that are not historical in nature. These statements are made on the basis of management’s views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance as of the time the statements are made. Management does not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such differences may result from actions taken by the Company, including restructuring or strategic initiatives (including capital investments, asset acquisitions or dispositions, integration initiatives, new or expanded business lines or cessation of certain operations) or other business decisions, as well as from developments beyond the Company’s control, including: • health concerns; • changes in domestic and global economic conditions, competitive conditions, and consumer preferences; • adverse weather conditions or natural disasters; • international, regulatory, political, or military developments; • technological developments; • labor markets and activities; and each such risk includes the current and future impacts of, and is amplified by, COVID-19 and related mitigation efforts. Such developments may further affect entertainment, travel, and leisure businesses generally and may, among other things, affect (or further affect, as applicable): • demand for our products and services; • the performance of the Company’s theatrical and home entertainment releases and other content; • the advertising market for programming; • construction; • expenses of providing medical and pension benefits; and • performance of some or all company businesses, either directly or through their impact on those who distribute our products.
Additional factors are set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 2, 2021, under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” Item 1, “Business,” and subsequent reports, including, among others, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
DATA & REPORTING FRAMEWORKS


To learn more visit. 
TheWaltDisneyCompany.com and impact.disney.com. 
And follow @DisneyCSR