Global Impact Report 2022. 
Accelerating our ambitions


About the cover. 
Global Impact Reporting Hub. 
To increase transparency and relevance for our employees, customers, and shareholders, we have introduced a new, web-based reporting hub to supplement our annual Global Impact Report.
Featuring a streamlined navigation, this hub will provide a new level of accessibility for our approach to environmental, social, and governance priorities and commitments as we continue to track progress toward our ambitious goals.
Access the hub at 3M.com/GlobalImpact. 
The cover image of this 2022 Global Impact Report depicts an Xcel Energy wind farm located in Pipestone, Minnesota. In 2019, 3M converted our global headquarters — a 409-acre campus in Maplewood, Minnesota — to using wind energy produced from this location. Since then, we have continued to expand our wind and other renewable electricity sources as part of our commitment to go 100% carbon neutral by 2050. For a full list of 3M sites that were converted to 100% renewable electricity in 2021, see the Climate and energy section.
50% 100%
Goal: Increase renewable energy to total electricity use by 2025 and to by 2050. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 2 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


Contents. 
Our leadership. 
Message from our CEO 4. 
Message from our CSO 8 3M at a glance 10. 
Site spotlights. 
Itapetininga, Brazil 12. 
Perth, Canada 14. 
Seefeld, Germany 16. 
Yamagata, Japan 18. 
Who we are. 
Introduction 21. 
Leading with purpose 22. 
Advancing impact 34. 
Communities 40. 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion 55. 
Recognition 64. 
How we work. 
Introduction 69. 
Corporate governance 70. 
Enterprise risk 78. 
Corporate Code of Conduct 82. 
Human rights 92. 
Compensation 102. 
Employee programs 107. 
Environmental, health, and safety management 120. 
Circular materials 135. 
Climate and energy 149. 
Suppliers 166. 
Introduction 181. 
Our customers 182. 
Innovation management 193. 
Our products 206. 
About report, scope, and boundaries 213. 
GRI and UNGC index 218. 
SASB index 230. 
Assurance statement 233. 
Metric tables 237. 
What we create. 
About report. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 3 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


A message from Mike Roman. 
Throughout my 34 years at 3M, I have been proud of the difference we make. Our work is rooted in purpose — unlocking the value of people, science, and ideas to reimagine what is possible and build what is next.
We use science to strengthen health care, empower consumers, and reshape the future of transportation and manufacturing. These past two years, we have helped lead the response to COVID-19 and distributed more than 4 billion respirators to protect nurses, doctors, and first responders, while helping accelerate manufacturing of needed vaccines. At the same time, we have stepped up our efforts in environmental, social, and governance (ESG), investing in environmental stewardship and advancing equity and inclusion in our company and communities. In combination, these efforts demonstrate the societal value 3M uniquely brings to the world.
Every day, the extraordinary people of 3M bring our purpose to life. It is found in the ingenuity of 3M employees like Steven Toh, an engineer who pioneered an innovative rooftop solar project at our site in Tuas — one of the largest projects of its kind in all of Singapore. It’s found in the leadership of L.C. Cartagena, a crew director at our Aberdeen, South Dakota site, whose team broke multiple shift records and produced more than 1 billion respirators over the last two years. It’s found in the boldness of Martin Dittmar, an engineer at our site in Wuppertal, Germany. Last July, after their community was devastated by a historic flood, Martin led a crisis team that jumped into action, shutting down operations to protect lives — then, incredibly, rebuilding the site in a matter of weeks, so they could serve customers with critical medical products.
There are examples like these across our enterprise. I want to thank our 95,000 employees — including the 50,000 people in our factories — for living our purpose every day and for their immense contributions to 3M. Purpose drives our performance and ensures we meet the expectations of our stakeholders — which was evident throughout last year.
We use science to strengthen health care, empower consumers, and reshape the future of transportation and manufacturing. 
Since 2020, 3M’s Aberdeen, South Dakota site produced more than 1B respirators. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 4 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


Strong 2021 driven by market-leading businesses. 
In an uncertain environment, our 2021 performance demonstrated the strength and resiliency of the 3M model. While managing through global supply chain disruptions, we stayed focused on our customers and delivered another year of top-line growth greater than the economies we serve. Companywide, we posted 9% organic growth, which was broadbased across our market-leading businesses. We also saw margins of 21% and an 8% increase in earnings per share — or a 14% increase on an adjusted basis. We generated robust free cash flow of $5.9 billion, with a conversion rate of 99% — enabling us to invest in the business, reduce net debt by $1 billion and return $5.6 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Over the last three years, 3M has returned $14 billion to shareholders, and in February of 2022, we increased our dividend for the 64th consecutive year.
Advancing commitments to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 3M is a longtime leader in environmental stewardship among manufacturers, going back more than 45 years to our groundbreaking Pollution Prevention Pays program. It is a value that matters deeply to 3M employees, to our stakeholders, and to me personally. In 2021, we advanced our leadership with a $1 billion commitment to achieve carbon neutrality, reduce water use, improve water quality, and reduce our use of plastics. We have put forward ambitious goals to bend the curve — for example, a 20% water reduction by 2025 and 50% carbon reduction by 2030 – while delivering on pledges to make our factories and communities more sustainable.
50% carbon reduction by 2030. 
CO2 20% water reduction by 2025 and. 
We are on track to complete a new water filtration system in our Cordova, Illinois site by the end of 2022. In the past several months, we have committed €125 million to improve water quality at our site in Zwijndrecht, Belgium. In Cottage Grove, Minnesota, we have closed our incinerator and partnered with a leading disposal company to manage our waste stream — reducing energy use by 25% — while committing to invest $165 million to improve water quality and reduce water use.
Beyond our operations, we have a requirement that every new product improve sustainability. Over the last five years, 3M innovations have helped our customers avoid more than 75 million tons of CO2 emissions — from glass bubbles that lighten the weight of vehicles, to films that make homes and electronics more efficient. Going forward, we will continue to step up our sustainability commitments, including through new partnerships like the Water Resilience Coalition and ongoing support of the United Nations Global Compact.
Who we are How we work What we create About report 5 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


For society, we are advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion with a pledge to double our representation of underrepresented groups within 3M. We are executing multiple programs to make STEM education more available — including new investments, new scholarship programs, and new partnerships like the United Negro College Fund, supporting our goal of 5 million STEM engagements by 2025. Our businesses have also made commitments — Safety and Industrial is focusing on access to skilled trades — and we are increasing transparency through an annual Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report with details on our progress and metrics.
For governance, we continue to act with unwavering integrity and transparency — leading to an eighth straight recognition by Ethisphere® as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® in 2021.
Increasingly, we live in a world where litigation is impacting many industries and companies, including 3M. For us, the focus is on PFAS — specifically, PFOA and PFOS — and Combat Arms Version 2. We will continue to vigorously defend our legal positions based on science and our values. I encourage you to see our SEC filings for more details.
Building for long-term growth and value creation. 
The foundation of 3M’s ability to create unique and differentiated value is our fundamental strengths: our 51 Technology Platforms, advanced manufacturing, global capabilities, and leading brands. At the same time, we evolve and build on our foundation through four strategic priorities, which position us for long-term growth and value creation: accelerating innovation, actively managing our portfolio, transforming our operating model with new digital capabilities, and investing in our people and culture.
We are innovating faster and differently — implementing new ways to virtually collaborate with customers and partners — while investing $3.6 billion in 2021 in the combination of R&D and capital expenditures. To make the most of long-term opportunities, we are prioritizing investments in large, fast-growing areas aligned to global trends like automotive technology, home improvement, personal safety, health care, and electronics. In 2021, we saw organic growth in our automotive electrification platform of 30% and our biopharma business of 26%. With people spending more time at home, we saw organic growth in our home improvement business of 12% last year — on top of 13% in 2020 — driven by iconic brands, including our Command™ DamageFree Hanging Solutions and Filtrete™ Home Filters. To support increasing demand for Command and Filtrete, we are investing $500 million to expand our operations in Clinton, Tennessee, adding nearly 600 manufacturing jobs.
The world is changing rapidly, and we will continue to capitalize on opportunities across our businesses that are sizable and significant.
The ongoing reshaping of our portfolio is key to unlocking value for customers and shareholders. Every day, we challenge ourselves to allocate our resources to the most attractive opportunities while identifying acquisitions and divestitures that shift us to more attractive markets. In 2021, we announced an agreement to divest and combine our food safety business with Neogen, creating a global leader that is positioned to capture longterm, profitable growth.
The world is changing rapidly, and we will continue to capitalize on opportunities across our businesses that are sizable and significant. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 6 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


We are transforming 3M by accelerating our digital capabilities and expanding our use of data and analytics to better serve customers and optimize our supply chain operations. We have moved more than 60% of our enterprise data capacity to the cloud, while simplifying business processes, streamlining our operating model, and deploying next-generation cybersecurity tools to protect our assets.
All of this work is done by people at 3M who are powered by inclusion, one of our core cultural values, and inspired by our purpose. This shapes our commitment to a more diverse and equitable future, and everything we do to help our people be at their very best. Last year, we introduced new employee work models rooted in flexibility and trust — called Work Your Way — while making investments to support 3M employees’ health and well-being.
Confident in our future. 
As I look across 3M, we have four market-leading business groups aligned to attractive end markets, with big opportunities in front of them. Together, they form an outstanding portfolio — focused on growing trends and leveraging the world-class capabilities of 3M. We also have a premier leadership team with deep expertise and diverse experiences from both inside and outside 3M.
We are building a stronger enterprise, and I am confident we will continue to grow our businesses, improve our operational performance, and live our purpose — delivering for our customers, shareholders, and all stakeholders who have placed their trust in us.
Mike Roman Chairman and CEO. 
We are transforming 3M by accelerating our digital capabilities and expanding our use of data and analytics. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 7 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


A message from Gayle Schueller. 
I had the good fortune to attend the COP26 Climate Change Conference in person in November 2021 in Glasgow. Bringing together representatives from more than 140 countries and thousands of companies, the conference underlined three key ideas that drive our sustainability strategy at 3M: collaboration, urgency of action, and sound science.
In every plenary session and hallway discussion, people from around the world shared a common perspective: While it was good to be together in person after so many months apart due to the pandemic, we all have to do more than just meet; we all must also act to address the singular global challenge of our time, and we cannot fail.
That same energy drives us at 3M to act now to apply science to improve lives and improve our planet. We are not waiting: Since 2002, we have reduced our carbon footprint by 75%. I’m happy to say for the month of December 2021, 3M’s operations were powered by over 50% renewable electricity. We’re on target to surpass our 2025 annual renewable energy goal two years ahead of schedule. We’re also investing $1 billion over 20 years to accelerate air and water stewardship and drive toward carbon neutrality, and we’re implementing new goals to reduce the company’s use of plastics.
Whether it is our environmental goals, social justice initiatives, or governance commitments, our success is fueled by our purpose. 
Since 2002, 3M has reduced its carbon footprint by and we are approaching our goal of renewable electricity at all global sites by 2025 75% 50%
The COP26 Climate Change Conference was held in Glasgow, Scotland, in November 2021.
Who we are How we work What we create About report 8 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


Everything we do is guided by sound science. At our heart, we are a science company, led by people who believe science can solve the world’s biggest challenges. When we planned our environmental goals, we mapped out a path guided by math, so that not only would we know where we were going, but would be able to clearly demonstrate, year after year, exactly how we would get there. We want to go beyond making commitments. We want to show our progress.
Whether it is our environmental goals, social justice initiatives, or governance commitments, our success is fueled by our purpose: unlocking the value of people, ideas, and science to reimagine what’s possible. Collaboration, urgency, and sound science are the force multipliers of our work.
Collaboration means first asking our stakeholders a simple question: Where is 3M’s opportunity to make the biggest impact? Once we understand, we act. Our businesses are using their expertise to act on equity commitments to improve health care, upskill employees, increase access to homeownership, and provide STEM education opportunities.
We act with urgency. We proactively take steps to engage and collaborate to improve our capabilities. Since introducing our environmental commitments in early 2021, we have moved quickly. At COP26, we entered into a partnership with the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) to advance the Paris Agreement and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) along with other organizations. We joined more than 20 other global companies in investing in TPG Rise Climate, a multi-billion dollar climate impact investing fund that deploys missiondriven capital at scale.
We worked with 16 other organizations in founding the Global Alliance for Sustainable Energy, bringing together utilities and global players in the solar photovoltaic and wind value chains as well as sector associations and innovation partners with an aim to decarbonize the global energy system in alignment with the 2030 agenda set out in the UN SDGs.
We joined the Water Resilience Coalition, serving on the Leadership Committee to help build a water resilient world for our communities, our ecosystems, our companies, and the global economy. Beyond our environmental commitments and collaborations, we made progress in our social justice efforts, distributing funds, creating scholarships, and investing in our goal to deliver 5 million STEM experiences by 2025.
Our Global Impact Report is not only our report card but our roadmap. Join us on our journey, share your ideas on where we are succeeding and where we can improve, and above all, be our partners in imagining and delivering a better world for everyone.
Gayle Schueller Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer. 
We’re also investing $1 billion over 20 years to accelerate air and water stewardship and implementing new goals to reduce the company’s use of plastics. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 9 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


3M at a glance. 
Our Purpose. 
Unlock the power of people, ideas, and science to reimagine what’s possible $1.60B in capital investments $1.99B in R&D spend. 
One of 30 companies on the Dow Jones Industrial average >129K patents. 
More than 800 brands and trademarks 100+ straight years of dividends $35.4B in sales 94.7K employees globally 51 Technology Platforms applied across four business groups >200 sites. 
Over 55K products. 
Sales in ~200 countries. 
Who we are How we work What we create About report 10 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives Site spotlights


Site spotlights. 
Itapetininga, Brazil 12. 
Perth, Canada 14. 
Seefeld, Germany 16. 
Yamagata, Japan 18. 
Site spotlights. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 11 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Itapetininga, Brazil 3M site spotlight 3M’s Itapetininga site tripled respirator production while advancing sustainability initiatives.
In the São Paulo State of Brazil lies 3M’s Itapetininga site, originally founded in 1984 and now employing 750 people. As the COVID-19 pandemic reached a critical point, the site ramped up production of 3M respirators to help meet demand for respiratory protection. The site also produces masking and box sealing tapes, personal care products, other personal safety equipment, and purification filters using a variety of 3M’s core technologies.
While the challenge of increasing respirator output was already significant, doing so while also meeting other production demands and without losing sight of sustainability initiatives required careful planning and a strong focus on new health and safety strategies.
Pandemic response. 
Helping meet respirator demand for Brazil as well as the larger Latin American region required a tripling of production in a short period of time — while using the same amount of equipment. To achieve this, 3M’s production, maintenance, and engineering teams all came together and utilized Lean Six Sigma and Agile methodologies to drive priority projects.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 12 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Diversion of all waste generated in the site’s production of earplugs to co-processing facilities to reduce average waste-to-landfill by 180 tons annually • Exploration of new products made from waste, including some in collaboration with customers — ranging from acoustic blankets for flooring, anti-impact floors for playgrounds or gyms, pillow stuffing, and more. 
Education for a better future 3M Itapetininga is committed to positively impacting their community through the work of the 3M Institute. In partnership with Iochpe Foundation and Federal University of Paraná, they have implemented a workforce development program called FORMARE, where 3M employees volunteer as instructors to train economically disadvantaged young people while they complete their high school education.
The eight-month program gives participants 600 hours of classes spanning hands-on manufacturing, computer skills, environmental, health, and safety, Lean methodology, Spanish, English, and more. Since 2020, the program has also been adapted to a primarily virtual format with limited in-person engagement. Over 120 students have participated since the program’s inception in 2015.
Two key actions that helped promote health and safety among employees through this critical period during the pandemic were the over 1,700 COVID-19 prevention trainings executed by the site. This increased focus on COVID-19-related safety protocols, in conjunction with the installation of a thermal scanner installed at the main entrance of the site to assure 100% of employees were temperature monitored, helped mitigate potential outbreaks among the workers that might impact the site’s productivity.
Since the start of the pandemic, 3M Brazil has donated 552,000 respirators and other health care products to 35 public hospitals throughout the country to help protect doctors fighting COVID-19 in vulnerable communities — all of which was made possible thanks to 3M Itapetininga.
Safety strategies 3M Itapetininga embraces 3M’s corporate EHS Cultural Acceleration Program — an engagement effort that empowers employees to raise concerns via our See and Act approach with a specific focus on not only solving issues but also promoting broader team development at the same time.
Additionally, the site also has a designated Internal Committee to Prevent Accidents (CIPA) that develops interactive, virtual campaigns aimed at improving hazard awareness, hand hygiene, forklift safety, COVID-19 infection prevention, and more. They reached over 80% participation among employees and awarded those with the best engagement levels.
Environmental focus 3M Itapetininga is ISO 14001 certified for environmental management and actively participates in 3M’s Pollution Prevention Pays (3P) program, with over 20 submitted projects in a span of just three years since the implementation of a new tracking system for the program.
Those projects include: • Installation of water treatment systems that leverage naturally occurring processes to replace chemical treatments with the aim of eliminating corrosion or encrustation in chilled process water. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 13 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Perth, Canada 3M site spotlight. 
In Eastern Ontario, 3M’s Perth site finds new ways to reduce waste and manage air emissions.
Located on the Tay River one hour southwest of Ottawa is the town of Perth, home to just under 6,000 people and the 3M Canada Perth site since its founding in 1981. While 3M Perth consists of just two main manufacturing buildings and around 400 employees, the site is responsible for producing an impressive array of non-woven abrasives and tapes.
From Scotch-Brite® pads, sponges, floor scrubber discs, and automotive discs, to box sealing tape, appliance tape, bundling/reinforcing tape, lint tape, and filament tape, the site supplies both converted and finished products to a variety of industries using these 3M core technologies: • Coating (hot melt) • Converting • Extruding • Press, die cutting 3M Perth is certified to ISO 9001 (quality management), ISO 14001 (environmental management), and 3M’s enterprise level ISO 50001 (energy management) standard.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 14 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Waste reduction during COVID-19. 
The effects of the pandemic reached virtually every industry, including recycling. Prior to 2021, 3M Perth had focused much of its waste reduction activities on recycling, but with the challenges of finding vendors in a diminished market, they pivoted to a new approach: waste to energy. In February 2021, 3M Perth began redirecting nearly 60% of its landfill waste into a new process where it is shredded, bulked, and then burned for energy at a cement kiln. This resulted in a total decrease of more than 135 metric tons of landfill waste in 2021.
In addition to these efforts, 3M Perth is actively exploring expanded capabilities to maximize the use of raw materials within their processes in alignment with 3M’s commitment to Science for Circular.
Community support and sponsorships. 
Despite its small size, Perth is a town rich with community activities, programs, and services which 3M Perth is proud to support. Highlighted organizations 3M Perth and its employees supported through donations and sponsorships in 2021 include: • Lanark County Interval House and. 
Community Support, which offers emergency and ongoing programs to women and children living in or escaping from domestic violence • Big Brothers Big Sisters of Canada, which champions the health and well-being of youth • Cornerstone Landing Lanark County, which works to prevent, reduce, and end youth homelessness in the county • The Royal Canadian Legion. 
Poppy Fund for Remembrance Day, supporting veterans and their families through grants and resources • Perth Chamber of Commerce • The Table Community Food Centre • Local schools, festivals, and sports programs 3M Perth reduced the amount of waste sent to the landfill by more than 135K metric tons of landfill waste in 2021. 
Pollution Prevention Pays 3M Perth received a 3M Exceptional Project award as part of 3M’s Pollution Prevention Pays (3P) program for their work on effective treatment of wastewater in their Scotch-Brite™ site. The site began conducting studies in 2018 to develop proof of concept for a new treatment technology to treat waste from the on-site scrubber and wastewater from several additional processes. They considered and eventually utilized the technology that demonstrated the least environmental impact, which included the use of microorganisms to clean the water. The project also reduced manual handling time and labor, storage space, and overall treatment cost, demonstrating the 3M Perth site’s commitment to finding innovative ways to reduce their impact on the environment in their community.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 15 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Seefeld, Germany 3M site spotlight 3M’s Seefeld site manufactures products that help reduce waste in dental offices — while using less water.
For over 70 years, 3M’s Seefeld site and sister Landsberg site have operated in the south of Germany, not far outside Munich. Today, the 3M sites employ over 900 people in total, spanning roles across manufacturing, research and development, marketing and sales, and quality and regulatory functions.
3M Seefeld primarily supports the Health Care Business Group’s Oral Care Solutions Division (OCSD). They produce medical and pharmaceutical products for dental and orthodontic practitioners around the world, leveraging core technologies, including: • Injection molding • Chemical production • Compounding of pastes, powders, and liquids • Filling and packaging • Pharmaceutical manufacturing and packaging of sterile products • Device manufacturing. 
The site is certified to ISO 13485 (medical devices), MDD 93/42/ EEC, EU 2017/745 (MDR), MDSAP, and holds a GMP certificate for pharmaceutical products.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 16 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


With this in mind, 3M Seefeld went to work developing and producing a new automix system that would help reduce waste for the product category. The new application technology features a miniaturized tip design (3M™ RelyX™ Universal Micro Mixing Tip) that allows dentists to eliminate 80% of the resin cement waste and 50% of the plastic waste per application compared to currently available standard automix systems.
With a full portfolio of solutions spanning prevention, direct restoration, orthodontics, and indirect restoration, 3M Oral Care continues to explore opportunities to drive waste reduction through innovative product design.
Reusing process water 3M Seefeld is making a sustainability impact not only through what they make, but how they are making it. An important sustainability practice in the 3M Seefeld manufacturing site is the use of locally sourced graywater to perform their process cooling. Depending on the temperature level of the graywater before and after it is used in the process, it is stored in a local reservoir for further use on-site for cooling. With the double usage and buffering time, the site saves 247,000 cubic meters (or 65,300,000 gallons) of water annually.
Building a diverse workforce. 
With so many critical functions on-site, spanning from R&D to manufacturing and marketing, 3M Seefeld and Landsberg recognize the need and value of fostering a diverse workforce with a variety of unique backgrounds and perspectives. That’s why they recruit talent both locally and from all over the world to create well-rounded teams.
Among their 900 employees, a total of 28 different nationalities are represented. This strong focus on diversity and inclusivity is critical to the innovation process. The different cultures, nationalities, views, and physical and mental abilities represented encourage creativity and provide better insight into the needs of 3M’s customers, suppliers, sales partners, and markets around the world.
Reducing waste, one tooth at a time. 
Automix systems have become a popular option among dentists for applying two-component resin cements for a variety of dental procedures. These convenient syringes allow for an easy, fast, and reliable mix — but they come at a cost: today’s systems waste approximately 0.35 grams of the resin cement material and 1.7 grams of plastic with each application. That seemingly small amount of waste adds up quickly for a product commonly used all around the world. In fact, on a global scale, it adds up to around 90 tons of waste every year.
New technology allows dentists to save 80% resin cement waste and 50% plastic waste per application. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 17 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Yamagata, Japan 3M site spotlight 3M Yamagata is a sprawling, 1.8 million sq. ft. zero waste-to-landfill manufacturing site with a strong track record.
Since its founding in the early 1970s, 3M Yamagata has been building a reputation for safety, quality, and a customer-first focus. Several expansions of the site over the years have brought it to where it is today: seven manufacturing sites and over 1,200 people supporting all four of 3M’s business groups, with the largest being the Transportation & Electronics Business Group.
3M Yamagata produces a variety of tapes, films, and non-woven products used in applications from traffic safety and electronic displays to health care, everyday home use, and more. Their core technology capabilities include: • Coating • Compounding • Converting • Film making. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 18 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Prioritizing safety. 
Part of 3M Yamagata’s mission is to be a global “super hub” for 3M, focused on growth and efficiency with a strong safety culture at the forefront. They embody their goal of “Everyone reducing risk every day” by identifying any potential risks to be prioritized and addressed and engaging employees through our corporate EHS Culture Acceleration model of See and Act. They often reach more than 1,000 engagements per month across all sites, enhancing opportunities to reduce risk. These safety practices contribute to fostering a robust, sitewide safety culture.
COVID-19 response. 
As the global pandemic continues to impose challenges in manufacturing and production, 3M Yamagata has found success in adopting 3M’s corporate EHS guidelines to implement new standard safety practices related to COVID-19, protocols for all employees. Each day, the site holds a meeting covering critical topics related to COVID-19, including approval processes for site visitors, official trips, events, employee health condition tracking, and discussion of case studies to help inform ongoing mitigation strategies.
Community engagement & giving. 
Despite the ongoing challenges of COVID-19, 3M Yamagata has continued to engage with the local community through giving, as well as through a variety of events and programs, including: • 3M Visiting Wizards: For the second year in a row, employees and their families from 3M Yamagata volunteered to participate in a virtual version of the program designed to encourage an interest in STEM for young people. Activities included Chromatography and Science of Sounds.
• Sakuranbo Marathon: 3M. 
Yamagata was the main sponsor and provided volunteers to Yamagata Prefecture’s traditional annual “Cherry Run” — a community event highlighting the fruit the region is best known for.
• Trash cleanup event: In April 2021, 29 employees from 3M Yamagata gathered to clean up trash in the local area, all while maintaining safe physical distancing.
• Environment Week: Hosted in. 
Higashine City, this annual event featured a 3M panel exhibition on environmental initiatives and 3M Yamagata donated Scotch-Brite® products for the event.
• Other donations: 3M Yamagata also donated traffic safety equipment to a local elementary school and 3M surgical masks for vaccination clinics.
Environmental achievements. 
As part of their commitment to environmental stewardship, 3M Yamagata is certified to ISO 14001 and is a zero waste-to-landfill location. In addition, in 2021, they utilized a variety of methodologies — Lean Six Sigma (LSS), quality control charts, a Gemba Kaizen continuous improvement approach, and a Kaizen suggestion system for employees to share ideas with management — all with the aim of improving their process yields in alignment with 3M’s Sustainability Goals. As a result of these activities, the site was able to successfully reduce waste in their processes and remains committed to continuous improvement through collaboration.
They embody their goal of “Everyone reducing risk every day” by identifying any potential risks on a tier board to be prioritized and addressed. 
In 2021, 3M Yamagata utilized a variety of methodologies to share ideas with management — all with the aim of improving their process yields in alignment with 3M’s Sustainability Goals. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 19 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Who we are. 
Introduction 21. 
Leading with purpose 22. 
Advancing impact 34. 
Communities 40. 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion 55. 
Recognition 64. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 20 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


At 3M, sustainability is tied to shared global needs. For the world to have a sustainable future, many challenges must be addressed, including the limited availability of natural resources, lack of access to education and health care, inadequate food supplies, rapid urbanization, stressed water systems, and a global climate crisis. In 2021, we continued to help the world respond to COVID-19, while managing the additional supply chain and logistics challenges of the COVID-19.
We understand that our impact, as we improve our business, our planet, and every life, can be far greater when we collaborate with our customers, communities, and governments. From our highly collaborative work environment to our community of scientists and 51 core Technology Platforms, we have the resources and the desire to help make a real difference in the world.
Sustainability is a core commitment of 3M, and we recognize and consistently seek opportunities to do more. This is the story of how we are doing it — setting aggressive goals, incorporating sustainability into every new 3M product, and using science to make the world more sustainable for future generations. And we aren’t doing it alone.
This is the continued story of our purpose: #improvinglives. 
Who we are Advancing our impact for the greater good. 
Sustainability is a core commitment of 3M, and we recognize and consistently seek opportunities to do more. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 21 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Leading with purpose. 
Our Purpose. 
Our Promise. 
Our Principles Science-based performance. 
Unparalleled expertise, extraordinary outcomes. 
Makers of what’s next. 
Strength in collaboration. 
Change for good. 
Our commitment. 
For over 120 years, we have been dedicated to science and exploration, taking on global challenges and developing solutions for our customers. As a company, we are guided by our Purpose, Promise, and Principles in the pursuit of creating unique and differentiated value for customers, shareholders, and our stakeholders.
Unlock the power of people, ideas, and science to reimagine what’s possible. 
Improve lives by helping solve the world’s greatest challenges. 
All of these bind us together as one 3M, unified in our ambitions and empowered to act to drive growth, development, reputation, and impact with every action. These collective ideals correspond to expectations from our customers, investors, and our employees, and they work in concert with our foundational strengths and priorities for long-term growth:
Technology. 
Manufacturing. 
Global Capabilities. 
Brand. 
Our Strengths. 
Portfolio. 
Transformation. 
Innovation. 
People & Culture. 
Our Priorities. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 22 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our Strategic Sustainability Framework. 
Our corporate Promise culminates in our ambition to help transform businesses and improve every life. Together with our Principles, these elements drive and inform our approach to sustainability through the Strategic Sustainability Framework, which directs 3M’s efforts to areas where we can make the greatest impact. Our goals and environmental, social, and governance (ESG) metrics reflect a heightened commitment to thinking holistically about how our operations, people, and products can all contribute to a better and brighter future.
We have set clear commitments and an ambitious, long-term strategy that will leverage our passion for science. Our intent is to use a science-based approach to reimagine what’s possible, inspiring progress to transform aspirations into action, and tackling the challenges that are most material to 3M and critical to our planet and the people living on it. Building on our global capabilities and diverse technologies, we apply our expertise to create bold ambitions and shape a sustainable future in three priority areas.
Design solutions that do more with less material, advancing a global circular economy.
To create a more sustainable world for future generations, we must reimagine our current global economy’s linear business model of “take, make, and waste,” which is depleting natural resources like water faster than they can be replenished and straining ecosystems. In its place, a circular model would only use these essential resources while having a net positive impact on their supply and eliminate reliance on non-renewable, finite resources altogether. It would measure business success in large part on the ability to do more with less, keep products and materials in use, design out waste and pollution, and restore and regenerate natural systems. At 3M, we see the circular economy as an opportunity to inspire leadership, innovation, and disruptive change across all industries, meeting the needs of current and future generations.
For more information, see the Circular materials section.
Innovate to decarbonize industry, accelerate global climate solutions and improve our environmental footprint.
The impacts of global climate change have never been more clear for business and for our communities. Extreme weather events, rising sea levels, elevated pollution levels, poor air quality, and resource scarcity have underscored the urgency with which corporations must act in an effort to slow these harmful effects on behalf of our planet and its people. At 3M, we are accelerating our ambitions through bigger long-term and intermediary goals and actions that align with the latest findings by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). We expect to invest heavily in both our efforts to meet our environmental goals, which include achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, and in our innovation, adapting our business to grow in sectors that support decarbonization. We believe that by working together with our employees, customers, suppliers, government, and communities, we can help drive the systemic change needed.
For more information, see the Climate and energy section.
Create a more positive world through science and inspire people to join us.
The global pandemic brought to light the critical role that science must play in our communities. From helping in the fight against COVID-19 to preparing customers for future events, 3M is committed to applying science to support public health and safety for communities around the world. Furthermore, it is through science, innovation, and collaboration that we believe we can help solve some of the world’s other great challenges like climate change, health care inequality, and other inequities adversely affecting our communities. The success and growth of our business hinge on the success and growth of all of our communities, so we recognize the importance of equal access to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education and careers as well as the need to advance diversity, equity, inclusion, and social justice within our company and community. Together, we will lead and design an equitable and sustainable future for all.
For more information, see the Communities section.
Science for Circular Science for Climate Science for Community. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 23 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
When it comes to strategic planning, collaborations, environmental and social goal setting, and reporting, we seek and rely on both internal and external input to drive meaningful, enduring change on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) challenges globally.
Stakeholder engagement 3M’s stakeholder engagement strategy on priority topic areas continues to evolve. We continually look to our stakeholders to help us increase our understanding, broaden our awareness, seek technical input and expertise, and evaluate possible collaborations and strategic relationships. We rely on their counsel and expertise to help guide us. We believe stakeholder engagement should be based on candid and authentic dialogue — grounded in 3M’s Principles — and should contribute to the evolution of our strategic priorities. Stakeholder engagement varies greatly by geography, type, and function. For example, we frequently engage 3M employees globally through sustainability communications and events with diverse content based on our materiality topics.
Stakeholder How we engage Further information on engagement. 
Employees and job seekers • Respecting human rights and diversity, equity, and inclusion • Providing a safe and healthy work environment • Providing competitive compensation and benefits • Attracting and retaining the highest level of talent by being a company for which employees are proud to work. 
Employee programs. 
DE&I. 
Communities. 
Human rights. 
Environmental, health, and safety management. 
Investors and shareholders • Delivering profitable returns on investment • Disclosing timely, concise, and relevant information (related to economic, environmental, and social issues) • Responding to inquiries • Upholding corporate values. 
Investor relations webpage. 
ESG summary. 
Customers and partners • Providing diverse, innovative product solutions that help our customers deliver on their promises • Offering a diversified portfolio of high-quality products • Providing products with sustainability attributes to address and help solve global challenges. 
Innovation management. 
Our customers. 
Our products. 
Government/regulators, nonprofit organizations, NGOs, and experts • Complying with laws, regulations, and policies • Supporting and engaging in development and modification changes • Providing support to advance and solve global issues • Partnering to understand societal concerns. 
Governance. 
Climate and energy. 
DE&I. 
Communities. 
Circular materials. 
Suppliers. 
Local communities and consumers • Supporting and engaging in citizenship activities across our value chain • Providing economic and social value to communities while minimizing environmental impact • Supporting communities to thrive. 
Communities. 
Environmental, health, and safety management. 
Academic/scientific organizations • Engaging in technical scientific research to develop innovative solutions for society. 
Circular materials. 
Climate and energy. 
Innovation management. 
Our customers. 
Suppliers • Partnering with suppliers and contractors that meet or exceed expectations • Supporting collective efforts to deliver business results • Collaborating to identify, resource, and amplify sustainability initiatives • Respecting human rights of workers. 
Suppliers. 
Human rights. 
Circular materials. 
Climate and energy. 
How we work with stakeholders. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 24 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Materiality assessment. 
Every other year starting in 2014, 3M has commissioned GlobeScan, an independent research consultancy, to assist us in better understanding our stakeholders’ perspectives on key issues and assessing our corporate reputation and leadership opportunities.
In 2021, we aligned our priorities based on our most recent 2020 assessment, which explored stakeholder perceptions of 3M’s sustainability strategy and its three pillars: Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and Science for Community. Stakeholders included customers, suppliers, NGOs, corporate/private sector, academics, consultants, government, media, finance, trade associations, and think tanks, and were representative of 3M’s four business groups and all regions of operations. At the same time, 3M conducted a similar process through an internal online employee survey.
Following the GlobeScan assessment, we analyzed insights and inputs from stakeholders and developed the Sustainability Priority Matrix. The matrix also demonstrates how our Sustainability Goals align with the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which includes 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Each priority topic is categorized into one of three tiers based on importance and reputation:
Tier 1: most critical issues with highest potential impact. 
Tier 2: important issues with high potential impact. 
Tier 3: issues with average level of importance. 
Explore the Priority Matrix.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 25 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Circular. 
Plastic/ packaging waste. 
To support our circularity efforts, we work to select packaging materials that can be recycled after use rather than be discarded on land or in waterways. We also continue to increase recycled content, make our packaging easier to recycle, encourage reusable packaging where appropriate, and increase the use of renewable materials.
Circular materials. 
Sustainable packaging solutions. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Reduce manufacturing waste by 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025.
Reduce dependence on virgin fossilbased plastic by 125 million pounds by 2025.5. 
Accumulation of toxic substances. 
Product safety, quality, and stewardship must always be primary considerations during the design, manufacturing, marketing, and sale of 3M products, as outlined by our Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle.
3M’s Chemicals Management Policy reflects 3M’s role in supporting our global community. To continuously improve the environmental, health, and safety attributes of our products, 3M has identified specific chemicals whose use in products and manufacturing processes is subject to restrictions or specific management actions.
Innovation management. 
Circular materials. 
Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle. 
Chemicals Management Policy. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Limited availability of sustainable products/ services. 
In 2019, we announced our Sustainability Value Commitment, which embeds sustainability into the pipeline that produces 3M’s diverse global products. Example considerations include reusability, recyclability, waste reduction, energy and water savings, and responsible sourcing or use of renewable materials appropriate to the specific product throughout its life cycle.
Circular materials 3M Sustainability Value Commitment. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1 12.5 12.2, 12.5 8.4 9.4 3.9 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 26 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Circular. 
Water quality At 3M, we strive to use technology and expertise to promote a future of “water circularity,” a future where water stress is eliminated, resources are circulated, and nature is regenerated. Water circularity is the foundation to the aspiration of net positive water impact (NPWI). It represents a vision for how a water user interacts with a basin, its ecosystem, and its communities. Delivering NPWI reduces water stress in three aspects: availability, quality, and accessibility. NPWI is achieved when water contributions exceed impacts on water stress(es) in the same basin. 3M’s goals chart our path forward toward NPWI as we continue to improve our operational footprint.
Circular materials 3M commits to achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water use, and improving water quality. 
For 3M’s global manufacturing operations, enhance the quality of water returned to the environment from industrial processes by 2030.3,4. 
Our initial focus is on implementing state-of-the-art water purification technology at the largest water use locations globally and having them operational in 2024.
Waste from manufacturing/ operations. 
We believe it is our responsibility to carefully integrate renewable and recycled materials, and enhance the circularity of water, packaging, and waste as we focus on designing solutions that do more with less material, advancing a global circular economy.
We reduce, recover, reuse, and recycle byproducts and other surplus material in our operations whenever feasible. When not feasible, we responsibly dispose of waste materials.
Circular materials Reduce manufacturing waste by an additional 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025.
Achieve zero landfill status at more than 30% of manufacturing sites by 2025.
Shortages of available fresh water. 
In 2015, 3M set a goal to reduce global water usage by 10%, indexed to sales. In 2021, we expanded our previous goal to reduce global water usage by the following amounts: 10% by 2022, 20% by 2025, and 25% by 2030, indexed to sales.
Building a water-resilient world for our communities, our ecosystems, our companies, and the global economy is the vision of the Water Resilience Coalition, which 3M joined in 2021 to serve on the Leadership Committee.
Circular materials 3M commits to achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water use, and improving water quality 3M joins Water Resilience Coalition, endorses CEO Water Mandate. 
Reduce global water usage by the following amounts: 10% by 2022, 20% by 2025, and 25% by 2030, indexed to sales.2. 
Engage 100% of water-stressed/ scarce communities where 3M manufactures on community-wide approaches to water management by 2025.
Scarcity of raw materials 3M continually looks for ways to recover, reuse, and recycle byproducts and other surplus material, and we include renewable and recycled materials in our products when we can. Increasing usage of renewable and recycled raw materials through product design and operational considerations helps us support the circular economy. We achieve this through multiple mechanisms, such as our Sustainability Value Commitments and engagement with our suppliers.
Circular materials. 
Suppliers. 
Our commitment to sustainable forestry. 
Supplier Sustainability Solutions 3M Sustainability Value Commitment. 
Drive supply chain sustainability through targeted raw material traceability and supplier performance assurance by 2025.
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Reduce dependence on virgin fossilbased plastic by 125 million pounds by 2025.5 12.5 6.4, 6.b 12.2 15.2 6.3 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix (cont.)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 27 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Climate. 
Climate change We are committed to innovate to decarbonize industry, accelerate climate solutions, and improve our environmental footprint.
In 2021, 3M announced that we expect to invest approximately $1 billion over the next 20 years to support environmental goals, including achieving carbon neutrality in our operations by 2050.
Climate and energy 3M commits to achieving carbon neutrality, reducing water use, and improving water quality 3M and UN Climate Change to address climate challenges, drive collective solutions 3M recognized by RE100 for renewable energy efforts 3M Invests in TPG Rise Climate Fund. 
Reduce Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions by at least 50% by 2030, 80% by 2040, and achieve carbon neutrality in our operations by 2050.7. 
Help our customers reduce their GHGs by 250 million tons of CO2 equivalent emissions through use of 3M products by 2025.
Poor air quality. 
An important component of 3M’s sustainability strategy is our commitment to improving air quality globally while delivering on our customers’ needs and expectations for high-performance products. 3M has developed internal programs to minimize our air emissions.
We collaborate with the international non-governmental organization, Clean Air Asia, on science-based air quality solutions for New Delhi, India, and Metro Manila, Philippines.
Climate and energy. 
Clean Air Asia. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Excessive energy use, including declining energy resources. 
We are committed to continuously improving energy efficiency, leveraging engineering expertise and advances, driving site-level efficiency improvements, maintaining top management support, and protecting 3M’s reputation.
We serve our customers through a wide range of innovative products that help them improve energy efficiency and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
Climate and energy. 
Energy-based solutions help tackle challenge of climate change. 
Improve energy efficiency by 30%, indexed to sales, by 2025.
Increase renewable energy to 50% of total electricity use by 2025 and to 100% by 2050.
Help our customers reduce their GHGs by 250 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent emissions through the use of 3M products by 2025.
Responding to natural disasters. 
As natural disasters continue to increase in frequency and severity, 3M continually provides essential supplies and funds to assist partners and aid workers in their swift responses.
Communities. 
When disaster strikes, 3M stands ready to spring into action. 
Whitepaper: Natural disaster cleanup hazards and rebuilding ideas. 
Emergency preparedness PPE guidance. 
Invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025.
3.9 11.6 7.3 2.1 13.1 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix (cont.)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 28 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Community. 
Violations of human rights. 
Ethical business, safe working conditions, and poor treatment of workers in the supply chain. 
Respect for human rights and workplace safety is deeply ingrained in our culture. 3M’s approach to managing and assuring human rights, workplace safety, and well-being within our workplace and supply chain is derived from the 3M Code of Conduct. We implement these programs through our global policies, management systems, assessments, audits, training, and metrics tracking.
At 3M, we expect our suppliers to strive for and achieve the same bar we set for ourselves regarding environmental and social governance. We expect our suppliers to be transparent about their social practices, including labor, health and safety, environmental, ethics, and management systems; provide improvement ideas; and work with us to transform our shared value chain as stated in our 3M Supplier Responsibility Code (SRC).
Corporate governance. 
Human rights. 
EHS management. 
Suppliers 3M Code of Conduct 3M Supplier Responsibility Code 3M named as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute for 9th consecutive year 3M joins the Human Rights Campaign Business Coalition for the Equality Act 3M amplifies sustainable business action through United Nations Global Compact sponsorship 3M PPE training and education. 
Our commitment to sustainable forestry. 
Responsible minerals sourcing. 
Drive supply chain sustainability through targeted raw material traceability and supplier performance assurance by 2025.
Provide training to 5 million people globally on worker and patient safety by 2025.
Support community building and engage with citizens on sustainable behavior. 
We focus on advocacy, support, and collaboration in our efforts to inspire leadership, innovation, and disruptive change, all driving impact for a more sustainable future.
3M and 3M Foundation help build sustainable communities through strategic investments and the thoughtful involvement of 3M businesses, sites, and employees worldwide who volunteer and leverage their skills and experience to make a difference in the world.
Active listening and engagement are the first steps to understanding and managing our impacts on local communities as well as helping identify opportunities to support them in their needs. In 2021, we began the foundational work of building our expertise on environmental justice with an aim to develop a new environmental justice program for 3M focused on collaboration with our communities.
Our customers. 
Communities. 
The Recycling Partnership. 
Closed Loop Partners. 
Ellen MacArthur Foundation 3M Impact 3M amplifies sustainable business action through United Nations Global Compact sponsorship. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Help our customers reduce their GHGs by 250 million metric tons of CO₂ equivalent emissions through use of 3M products by 2025.
Invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025.
Provide 300,000 work hours of skills-based volunteerism by 3M employees to improve lives and help solve society’s toughest challenges by the end of 2025.
12.a, 12.2 13.1 8.7, 8.8 17.16 16.5, 16.7 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix (cont.)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 29 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Community. 
Human health, including community health and safety, spread of human diseases, and food safety 3M recognizes the crucial role of science in improving lives, protecting health and safety, and helping solve global challenges.
3M promotes a culture of employee health and wellbeing through disease prevention programs, on-site clinical services, employee assistance programs, and comprehensive health care benefits.
To help build sustainable communities, our strategic investments include support for basic human needs.
For the global health care industry, we combined our deep health care expertise with an unparalleled breadth of technology platforms to transform outcomes for patients and professionals. We stand behind our commitment to better health care through more sustainable choices, world-class education, and advancing health equity.
Our skills-based volunteer program now includes 3M Impact Health Care, where we are using our expertise to help address health care inequities.
We continued to help support the fight against COVID-19 throughout 2021 by expanding our production capacity of N95 respirators and reaching a global capacity of 3 billion respirators annually by the end of the year. We also dedicated technical resources like our female-led 3M Global Respirator Decontamination Team to help evaluate decontamination methods of 3M disposable respirators and hoods. Finally, we continued to boost COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic development and production by increasing our surge capacity of 3M purification and filtration technologies that support these manufacturing processes.
3M offers educational content to help customers deepen their scientific expertise on critical health and safety topics, including health care, personal safety, and food safety.
Innovation management. 
Our customers. 
Communities. 
Our products 3M Impact. 
Clean Air Asia 3MSM Health Care Academy. 
How 3M is helping the world respond to COVID-19. 
Mitigating the risk of infectious disease spread through contamination prevention. 
How 3M is using Social Determinants of Health to provide actionable insights about community health crises 3M champions safe, equitable mobility for all with the Vision Zero Network. 
Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product.1. 
Invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025.
Provide training to 5 million people globally on worker and patient safety by 2025.
Provide 300,000 work hours of skills-based volunteerism by 3M employees to improve lives and help solve society’s toughest challenges by the end of 2025.
3.c, 3.8 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix (cont.)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 30 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Priority topic & tier Our actions Links to additional information Goals & commitments Related SDG. 
Science for Community. 
Workforce diversity, improving access to education, and addressing unemployment. 
In 2021, out of a desire to create greater equity in the future of the workplace, we committed to a new goal to create five million unique science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by the end of 2025.
Education and workforce development are key to racial equity, and in 2020, we pledged to invest $50 million over the following five years to address racial opportunity gaps through workforce development initiatives, embedding our commitment into our practice for years to come.
Communities. 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 3M’s commitment to education. 
Creating partnerships to solve the worker shortage 3M Impact. 
Young Scientist Challenge. 
Science at Home 3M giving and volunteerism 3M sets new STEM goal to empower underrepresented individuals. 
Celebrating women and girls in science. 
Not The Science Type smashes STEM stereotypes. 
Invest $50 million to address racial opportunity gaps in the U.S. through workforce development and STEM education initiatives by 2025.
Double the pipeline of diverse talent in management globally to build a diverse workforce by 2030.8. 
Double the representation of Black/ African American and Hispanic/ Latino employees (entry-level through management).6,9. 
Advance economic equity by creating 5 million unique STEM and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by the end of 2025.10. 
Provide training to 5 million people globally on worker and patient safety by 2025.
Invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025.
Transparency Acting with unwavering integrity and transparency is core to who we are. Our commitment to transparency is evident in many ways, including the publication of this annual Global Impact Report and our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report; and by submitting annual communication on progress as part of our commitment to the UN Global Compact.
About report. 
Corporate Code of Conduct 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report. 
Advocating laws and supporting sustainability 3M advocates for environmental policies and regulations that are guided by science-based decision-making and encourages the adoption and implementation of innovative solutions.
Corporate governance. 
Climate and energy. 
Lobbying and Political Activities Governance 17.14 1 For projects passing a ‘gate’ in our new product commercialization process; an SVC describes how the product drives positive impact for our stakeholders in alignment with our Strategic Sustainability Framework.
2 Expands our previous commitment, which aimed to reduce water use by 10% between 2015 and 2025.
2019 is the baseline measurement year.
3 By improving the weighted average of priority constituents, including select metals, BOD/COD, cyanide compounds, fluoride, total nitrogen, oil & grease, PFAS, solids (TDS/TSS), sulfate, and others.
4 Water used by manufacturing or industrial processes, including all water use not defined as domestic (sanitary, cafeteria, etc.).
5 Established in 2021.
6 2020 is the baseline measurement year.
7 Expands our previous 2025 goal to stay below 50% of our 2002 baseline, meaning 3M’s 2030 Scope 1 and 2 emissions will now be reduced by more than 85% from 2002 levels. 2019 is the baseline measurement year.
8 In 2021, 3M updated the goal maturity date to 2030 from 2025. See 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity &
Inclusion Report for more details.
9 Established in 2020 to drive trend and trajectory progress over time.
10 2021 is the baseline measurement year. 3M defines underrepresented individuals in the U.S. using. 
National Science Foundation research. For global definitions, we rely on gender diversity and local context for marginalized populations. Results from 2021 will be reported in 2023.
4.4, 4.5, 4.c 5.5 10.2 17.14 16.6 3M Sustainability Priority Matrix (cont.)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 31 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Past, present, and future ESG focus areas. 
External engagements and collaborative efforts on priority focus areas help provide us with diverse viewpoints, a better understanding of the positions of our stakeholders, and a mechanism to learn from the successes and failures of our peers, all of which contribute to our commitment to a purpose-driven business. Stakeholder engagement and collaboration efforts are core to how we drive our strategies and actions within our Strategic Sustainability Framework. With that in mind, you will find examples of these efforts throughout this report.
From 2014 to 2020, we have seen stakeholder priorities shift in the following ways: • From 2014 to 2020, climate-related issues have increased in importance for 3M, particularly climate change, which is now the most important issue to stakeholders, even when asked during the evolving context of the COVID-19 pandemic.
• Since 2016, transparency and human rights have moved from Tier 2 to Tier 1 priorities and have the highest relative impact on 3M’s reputation.
• Community health and safety, safe working conditions, and ethical business practices moved from Tier 1 to Tier 2 in 2020.
• In 2020, the “waste from operations” category was expanded to include reducing plastic and packaging waste. Reducing waste from operations, a Tier 1 priority since 2014, moved to Tier 2 in 2020. Plastic and packaging waste is a Tier 1 priority.
Focus areas were vetted through indepth interviews with stakeholders, and they agreed with the placement of issues. Stakeholders further suggested that the priorities validated the importance of all three pillars because issues are diversely distributed across the three tiers. They foresee community-related issues, such as unemployment, diversity, and community building, becoming higher priorities in response to economic inequality and unemployment concerns resulting from COVID-19 and the increased focus on social justice, racial equity, and inclusion. As a result, stakeholders have indicated that there will be increased pressure on companies to address social and economic equality issues.
Priority topics from our materiality assessment are also included in 3M’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, providing adequate recognition and ownership of the most significant potential risks to the company’s shareholder value and our communities. For example, climate change is one of the most important topics stakeholders think 3M should address. Within the ERM process, climate change risk is integrated as part of several existing high-risk areas, such as material vulnerability, product stewardship, and operating safety. For additional information, see the Enterprise risk section.
Data provided in this Global Impact Report includes information focusing on items with high potential to impact 3M’s reputation and items that are of the greatest importance to internal and external stakeholders, as defined by the materiality assessment.
Because we are a diversified company, several other ESG-related topics and performance indicators relevant to various sectors of the company are also included in the report. 3M’s executive-level Corporate Environmental Responsibility and Sustainability Committee approves and assures priority topics are covered in this Global Impact Report. In addition, the 3M Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors will annually review the company’s Global Impact Report. Priority topics defined within this report apply to each entity within the 3M organization. The prioritization for the different aspects may vary within 3M operations and geographies, but they are still a priority. Insights from the 2020 materiality assessment have informed 3M’s long-term strategies and helped direct our efforts to areas in which we can have a significant impact across our value chain.
For more information, see the Corporate governance section.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 32 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
The world around us is changing rapidly. People need to continue to come together to create a more positive future where everyone can thrive. More than ever, we need science. The resilience of our planet, our people, and our economy depends on it. We believe we can help. That is why we are committed to our three priority areas — Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and Science for Community — and it is why we are keeping stakeholder priorities top of mind as we reinvent the products, processes, and systems that will help solve the world’s greatest challenges. To that aim, in 2022, we will conduct another materiality assessment to assist us in better understanding our stakeholders’ perspectives on key issues and evaluating our corporate reputation and leadership opportunities.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 33 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
Our goals and ambitions continue to grow and gain momentum as we recognize how much still needs to be done to make the world more sustainable for future generations.
The COVID-19 pandemic emerged at the onset of the United Nation’s Decade of Action to accelerate sustainable solutions to the world’s biggest challenges. This jeopardized progress toward the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and highlighted the urgent need for a strong recovery as well as preparation to reduce the risk of future crises.
We remain committed to using our resources and capabilities to help the world continue to respond to COVID-19 without losing sight of our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) metrics and goals.
Our stakeholders expect this of us, and we expect it of ourselves. In 2015, we launched our 2025 Sustainability Goals, expanding beyond 3M to include customers, suppliers, and social impact. Since then, we have continued to accelerate our ambitions by expanding existing goals and introducing new ones with varying timelines. Collectively, we now simply call them our Sustainability Goals.
The goals we are pursuing reflect a heightened commitment to going beyond compliance and thinking holistically about how our operations and products affect the world and every life in it. We see the opportunity, throughout the remainder of this decade, to create systemic change within the three pillars of our Strategic Sustainability Framework.
Accelerating our ambitions. 
Our Strategic Sustainability Framework helps us apply science to improve lives. It also helps guide our business decisions and strategy, as well as how we focus our efforts on local and global community impact. For that reason, we organize our Sustainability Goals to fit within each pillar of our Strategic Sustainability Framework — Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and Science for Community.
Advancing impact Inspiring progress to transform aspirations into action. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 34 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Require a Sustainability Value. 
Commitment (SVC) for every new product1 • Reduce manufacturing waste by an additional 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025 • Achieve zero landfill status at more than 30% of manufacturing sites by 2025 • Drive supply chain sustainability through targeted raw material traceability and supplier performance assurance by 2025 • Reduce global water usage by the following amounts: 10% by 2022, 20% by 2025, and 25% by 2030, indexed to sales2 • For 3M’s global manufacturing operations, enhance the quality of water returned to the environment from industrial processes by 2030.3,4 Our initial focus is on implementing state-of-the-art water purification technology at the largest water use locations globally and having them fully operational by 2024 • Engage 100% of water-stressed/ scarce communities where 3M manufactures on community-wide approaches to water management by 2025 • Reduce dependence on virgin fossil- based plastic by 125 million pounds by 20255 • Help our customers reduce their. 
GHGs by 250 million metric tons of CO₂ equivalent emissions through the use of 3M products by 2025 • Improve energy efficiency indexed to net sales by 30% by 2025 • Reduce Scope 1 and 2 market-based. 
GHG emissions by at least 50% by 2030, 80% by 2040, and achieve carbon neutrality in our operations by 20507 • Increase renewable energy to 50% of total electricity use by 2025 and to 100% by 2050 • Invest $50 million to address racial opportunity gaps in the U.S. through workforce development and STEM education initiatives by 20255 • Double the pipeline of diverse talent in management globally to build a diverse workforce by 20308 • Double the representation of Black/
African American and Hispanic/ Latino employees in the U.S6,9 • Advance economic equity by creating 5 million unique STEM and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by the end of 202510 • Provide training to 5 million people globally on worker and patient safety by 2025 • Invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025 • Maintain or achieve 100% pay equity globally6,9 • Provide 300,000 work hours of skills-based volunteerism by 3M employees to improve lives and help solve society’s toughest challenges by the end of 2025. 
Science for Circular Science for Climate Science for Community 1 For projects passing a ‘gate’ in our new product commercialization process; an SVC describes how the product drives positive impact for our stakeholders in alignment with our Strategic Sustainability Framework.
2 Expands our previous commitment, which aimed to reduce water use by 10% between 2015 and 2025. 2019 is the baseline measurement year.
3 By improving the weighted average of priority constituents, including select metals, BOD/ COD, cyanide compounds, fluoride, total nitrogen, oil & grease, PFAS, solids (TDS/TSS), sulfate, and others.
4 Water used by manufacturing or industrial processes, including all water use not defined as domestic (sanitary, cafeteria, etc.).
5 Established in 2021.
6 2020 is the baseline measurement year.
7 Expands our previous 2025 goal to stay below 50% of our 2002 baseline, meaning 3M’s 2030 Scope 1 and 2 emissions will now be reduced by more than 85% from 2002 levels. 2019 is the baseline measurement year.
8 In 2021, 3M updated the goal maturity date to 2030 from 2025. See 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report for more details.
9 Established in 2020 to drive trend and trajectory progress over time.
Our actions. 
In 2021, our journey continued in our operations and communities as we grew 3M. We acted to bend the curve on carbon emissions as we continued to evolve our commitments and strive to set ambitious goals. In February 2021, we announced an investment of $1 billion to accelerate new environmental goals over the next 20 years and our commitment to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. At the same time, we increased our water efficiency goal to reduce water use by 25% at our sites, and committed to improving the quality of water we return to the environment after use in our manufacturing. In April 2021, we committed to reducing our use of virgin fossil-based plastic by 125 million pounds by 2025. To advance economic equity, we also announced a new goal to create 5 million unique science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by 2025.
10 2021 is the baseline measurement year. 3M defines underrepresented individuals in the U.S. using National Science Foundation research. For global definitions, we rely on gender diversity and local context for marginalized populations. Results from 2021 will be reported in 2023.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 35 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Science for Circular 8.83%
Reduced manufacturing waste by indexed to sales toward goal of 10% reduction 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more. 
Learn more 10.7%
Increased water efficiency indexed to sales exceeding goal of 10% improvement 2022 goal 2019. 
Learn more 18.5. 
Reduced virgin fossil-based plastic use by million pounds toward goal of 125 million pounds 2025 goal 2021. 
Goal progress 17 identified in water-stressed/ scarce areas manufacturing sites maintaining goal 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more. 
Learn more 45.2% zero landfill (66 manufacturing sites) exceeding goal of 30% 2025 goal 2015 478 completed supplier assessments maintaining goal to drive supplier performance 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more. 
Learn more 100%
Achieved. 
Sustainability Value Commitment for new products in 2021 achieving goal of 100% 2025 goal 2019. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 36 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Science for Climate. 
Learn more 14.2%
Improved energy efficiency by indexed to sales behind goal of 30% improvement 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more 47.6%
Increased renewable energy of total electricity use toward goal of 50% 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more 100M metric tons CO2 equivalent customer avoided emissions toward goal of 250 million metric tons toward goal of 50% below baseline 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more 26.1%
Scope 1 and 2 emissions below baseline 2030 goal 2019. 
Goal progress. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 37 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Science for Community 32.6% 44.5%
Increased pipeline of diverse talent in management from behind goal of doubling the pipeline 2030 goal 2015. 
Learn more. 
Learn more 2.92M. 
Provided in-person or online training instances toward goal of 5M worker and patient safety training instances 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more 51.7K. 
Donated skills-based work hours globally toward goal of 300K hours 2025 goal 2019 $88.5M. 
Learn more investment in total global giving achieving goal of continuing to invest in global giving programs 2025 goal 2015. 
Learn more $12.0M. 
Invested to address racial opportunity gaps in the U.S.
toward goal of $50M invested in workforce development and STEM education 2025 goal 2021. 
Learn more 100%
Achieved pay equity globally achieving goal of 100% maintained ongoing 2020. 
Learn more 8.58%
Reached representation of Black/ African American and Hispanic/Latino employees in the U.S.
toward goal of doubling representation ongoing 2020. 
Goal progress. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 38 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
We believe a sustainable future is one in which ecosystems thrive, communities are safe and healthy, and opportunities are equitable and accessible for all. Our sustainability strategy is a systemic approach, seeking to drive innovation and holistic impact against shared global needs. We set impactful and measurable goals that demonstrate our ESG commitments and progress. As a global science, technology, and manufacturing company, we believe 3M is uniquely positioned to bring our full capabilities to advance meaningful impact, not only in our workplaces but also in our communities. As we advance our initiatives with urgency, we know systemic change requires resources and long-term dedication, but our customers, and the communities in which we operate, deserve it. Our people are motivated by it. And our future will be all the better for it.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 39 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
Building, fostering, and supporting meaningful connections inside of 3M as well as within the local communities where we operate is fundamental to our Strategic Sustainability Framework. Active listening and engagement are the first steps to understanding and managing our impacts on local communities as well as helping identify opportunities to support them in their needs.
One of the primary ways we accomplish this is through the work of 3M and 3M Foundation. We help build sustainable communities through strategic investments and the thoughtful involvement of 3M businesses, sites, and employees worldwide who volunteer and leverage their skills and experience to make a difference in the world. In this way, we can combine 3M employee expertise with our products, technologies, and philanthropy to amplify our social impact. 3M and 3M Foundation develop and implement strategies and partnerships with leading community organizations committed to equitable outcomes in our community. The 3M Foundation Board of Directors and Corporate Contributions Committee govern this work and are comprised of a diverse set of senior-level company executives.
To assure that our support benefits the communities being served, 3M and 3M Foundation assess the impact of prospective grants and employee engagement initiatives and provide signature partners with financial support to help evaluate outcomes. In 2021, out of a desire to create greater equity in the future of the workplace, we committed to a new goal to create 5 million unique science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by the end of 2025. In addition to our existing Science for Community goals, this new commitment demonstrates how we are accelerating our ambitions to realize the significant value in creating economic equity and drawing on the power of diversity to help solve the world’s toughest challenges. For more information, see A More Equitable Future: Inspiring New STEM and Skilled Trades Talent.
Communities Making a difference in the world through science. 
In 2021, we committed to creating 5 million STEM and skilled trades learning experiences by 2025. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 40 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Goal: invest cash and products for education, community, and environmental programs by 2025. 
In 2021, 3M’s community commitment included cash and in-kind donations to support equitable social impact in communities where 3M operates. 3M continues to invest in the advancement of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and business partnerships for social good. 3M investments also include accelerating global climate solutions and advancing a circular economy to foster sustainable communities and improve the quality of every life. In addition, 3M Foundation serves the needs of our local communities through charitable support of our most critical hometown needs. Cash, inkind investments, and employee engagement remain at the core of both 3M and 3M Foundation strategies. Since 1953, 3M and 3M Foundation have invested $1.90 billion in cash and product contributions in communities where 3M operates.
Goal: provide 300,000 work hours of skillsbased volunteerism by 3M employees to improve lives and help solve society’s toughest challenges by the end of 2025*
In 2021, we expanded our portfolio of skills-based service programs that allows employees to use their business skills, experience, and energy to make a difference in local and global communities, while also developing critical professional skills like empathy, problemsolving, and interpersonal communications. Focused on working with social enterprises and nonprofit organizations that are addressing the world’s toughest challenges, each project is designed to support 3M’s Strategic Sustainability Framework and advance our commitments to Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and/or Science for Community.
2025 goal 2015 2025 goal 2019. 
Progress: achieving goal of continuing to invest in global giving programs. 
Progress: 51,700 hours toward goal of 300,000 hours *Goal was initiated in 2019.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 41 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Goal: invest $50 million to address racial opportunity gaps in the U.S. through workforce development and STEM education initiatives by 2025. 
In 2021, 3M continued work toward our 2025 goal by doubling our investments in initiatives that advance equity in access to STEM and skilled trades for underrepresented groups (compared to 2020 data when goal was introduced). We continue to focus on amplifying the philanthropic vision and voice of 3M’s racially diverse employees and driving systemic change for racially diverse families in our local communities. Contributions for 2021 totaled $12 million.
Goal: advance economic equity by creating 5 million unique STEM and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals* by the end of 2025. 
As part of our overall commitment to create greater equity in our communities, business practices, and workplaces, in 2021, 3M announced a new global, education-focused goal to advance economic equity by creating 5 million unique STEM and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals* by the end of 2025. The first year’s results will be available in October 2022. For more information, see 3M sets new STEM goal to empower underrepresented individuals.
* 3M defines underrepresented individuals in the U.S. using National Science Foundation research — focused on Black/African American, Hispanic/Latino, American Indian, gender, and people with disabilities. For global definitions, we rely on gender diversity and local context for marginalized populations.
2025 goal 2021. 
Progress: toward goal of $50M invested in workforce development and STEM education. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 42 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
In 2021, we continued our efforts to help the world respond to the impacts of COVID-19 through strategic partnerships and donations of critical health care and personal safety products. At the same time, we worked to maintain momentum on helping address social and economic disparities that exist around the world through a variety of new and existing programs.
Community investment efforts. 
In 2021, we continued to accelerate our ambitions as we helped address critical needs within our communities. Direct financial investments remained an important aspect of our community investment efforts, but that’s not the whole picture. We have adopted a multifaceted approach to community impact in which we focus on identifying key areas where we are uniquely positioned to have the most impact through financial and product donations, research and development investments, volunteerism and skills sharing, and more.
Impacts of global COVID-19 investments and donations. 
In the immediate wake of COVID-19, 3M demonstrated leadership through a $20 million corporate investment to support health care workers and other vulnerable populations around the world. The investment yielded promising results as it continued to come to fruition in 2021.
Our work with Direct Relief delivered ongoing humanitarian aid to help protect and serve frontline health care workers at more than 600 community health clinics in the U.S.; a portion of our investment was distributed via grants to advance scientific progress on treatments and vaccines at educational institutions in each area of the world; and our work with United Way helped promote a safety net for families and vulnerable populations affected by the pandemic around the world. In May 2021, as the second wave of COVID-19 made India the epicenter of the pandemic, 3M made an additional humanitarian aid contribution of $1 million to help with relief efforts and partnered with the Smile Foundation to launch mobile health care units for rural India.
Other strategic partnerships and global support continued throughout 2021 as we donated millions of dollars worth of health and safety products like Powered Air Purifying Respirators (PAPRs), face shields, spray disinfectant, 3M™ Littman® Stethoscopes, 3M™ Cavilon™ Skin Protection, protective eyewear, and N95 respirators to support essential functions like schools, food banks, and groups working with immigrant populations affected by the pandemic.
Sweden Poland Czechia. 
Switzerland. 
Austria. 
Hungary. 
Kenya South Africa. 
Nigeria Israel Saudi Arabia 3M Gulf*
India. 
Sri Lanka. 
Hong Kong. 
Japan South Korea. 
China Russia. 
Ukraine. 
Lithuania Latvia Estonia. 
Kazakhstan. 
Taiwan. 
Philippines. 
Vietnam. 
Australia. 
Malaysia. 
Indonesia. 
Singapore. 
New Zealand. 
Norway. 
Italy. 
Spain Portugal. 
Denmark. 
Morocco. 
Egypt. 
Turkey. 
Greece. 
UK. 
Germany. 
Belgium. 
Netherlands. 
Ireland France. 
United States Canada. 
Mexico. 
Guatemala. 
El Salvador Costa Rica. 
Trinidad & Tobago. 
Colombia. 
Panama. 
Venezuela. 
Peru. 
Chile. 
Argentina. 
Uruguay Ecuador. 
Brazil. 
Puerto Rico. 
Dominican Republic. 
Romania. 
Pakistan. 
Volunteer programs in 29 countries/regions STEM programs in 29 countries/regions 15 countries/regions hosted 3M Impact Global projects Foundations in 5 countries/regions *3M Gulf consists of UAE, Qatar, Lebanon, Egypt, Oman, Kuwait, and Bahrain. 
Volunteer programs Foundation boards STEM-type programs 3M Impact Global projects. 
Key 2021 Global community investments. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 43 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


At 3M, investing in the public health of our communities also meant investing in our own manufacturing and technical capabilities for critical products that help support the fight against COVID-19.
• We expanded our production capacity of N95 respirators to help handle the huge increase in demand. In August 2021, our 3M Aberdeen site reached a milestone of 1 billion N95 respirators produced since January 2020, and we reached a global capacity of 3 billion respirators annually by the end of 2021.
• We dedicated technical resources like our female-led 3M Global Respirator Decontamination Team to help evaluate decontamination methods of 3M disposable respirators and hoods, resulting in two of the first U.S. FDA Emergency Use Authorizations for items that weren’t designed to be cleaned or decontaminated.
• We continued to boost COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutic development and production by increasing our surge capacity of 3M purification and filtration technologies that support these manufacturing processes.
Learn more about how 3M is helping the world respond to COVID-19.
Helping bridge the gap on COVID-related learning loss needs. 
The pandemic affected our communities in many ways, including the learning loss experienced by the many students who were not well equipped for distance learning. Learning gaps that previously existed were further exacerbated as the pandemic wore on, so in 2021, we shifted some of our community investments to the education sector. One example of this was our work supporting after-school and summer education programs in the greater Twin Cities area of Minnesota, which allowed us to provide 178,000 students with opportunities to help catch up and close the learning gap. This model was then adopted by 3M subsidiaries in other countries around the world to provide school program grants in our global communities.
Social and environmental justice, racial equity, and inclusion. 
We remained steadfast in our commitment to helping address longstanding racial inequities in our communities and took action through a variety of measures throughout 2021.
Advancing shared business and community priorities. 
Our business groups stepped up in 2021 to create an impact in social equity through purposeful investments in specific causes related to our business. In alignment with our corporate philanthropic strategy of focusing our efforts on areas where we as a company can add the most value, we allocated $1 million for partnerships that would advance shared value for both our community and business ambitions. Through these strategic contributions, we were able to help address issues, including: • How Social Determinants of Health can provide actionable insights about community health crises • Homeownership equity issues • Equity in road safety and infrastructure • Access and training for skilled trades. 
Learn more about these efforts in our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
$50 million commitment over five years. 
Education and workforce development are key to racial equity, and in 2020, we pledged to invest an incremental $50 million over the following five years to address racial opportunity gaps through workforce development initiatives, embedding our commitment into our practice for years to come.
These new contributions doubled our annual cash giving for STEM equity compared to when the goal was announced.
 $2.4M in support of Historically Black Colleges & Universities and Hispanic-Serving Institutions, $2M to Greater Twin Cities United Way and $750K to East Side Employment xChange. 
In 2021, we invested a total of $12 million in support of our equity goal. Highlights include for culturally specific community support, and for upskilling support among diverse adults in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
For more information, see A More Equitable Future: Inspiring New STEM and Skilled Trades Talent.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 44 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


As we design the factories and labs of the future, we feel a responsibility to inform and support a more equitable pathway to these jobs among underrepresented populations. Through our new investments, we will broaden access to science, manufacturing, and skilled trades careers inside and outside 3M for all students, with a focus on progress for underrepresented groups.
Environmental justice. 
In 2021, we began the foundational work of building our global team’s expertise on environmental justice and our responsibilities as an organization in contributing to it. Through this work, we aim to develop a new environmental justice program for 3M globally, using science to improve lives and equity for all people and collaborate with the communities where we work and live. Learn more in our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
The focus in 2021 was on promoting wealth building and economic inequities with an eye toward enacting long-term systemic change through job training and workforce development programs for broad cultural populations. The criteria for selected organizations required measurable plans on how funds would be used to advance these priorities and that funding would be local to the east side of St. Paul, Minnesota — the community surrounding 3M headquarters. Contributions to these organizations ranged from $25,000 to $200,000 and were based on the demographic breakdown of our community. The six recipient organizations were the American Indian Family Center, Asian Economic Development Association (AEDA), Comunidades Latinas Unidas En Servicio (CLUES), Hmong American Partnership, Jeremiah Program, and Ujamaa Place.
Incorporating new voices for community-led solutions. 
No single organization can advance social justice and create racial equity on its own. It will take communities, workplaces, and governments coming together to drive real and lasting change. At 3M, we believe that those who are closest to the challenges that an affected community faces are able to design and contribute to the most equitable solutions. Championing the voices and perspectives of community members and leaders helps us improve our own efforts in offering solutions that are truly community-led.
Employee Resource Network (ERN) investments — 3M Social Justice Fund. 
Our social justice working group, comprised of leaders from our ERNs, entered their second year of providing guidance for grantmaking decisions on an additional $1 million fund distributed by 3M. Our ERN-led philanthropic model empowers the voice of our employees to influence our philanthropy and recognizes lived experience as an important asset for our company and to our decisionmaking in community relations activities. The working group helped to determine fund goals and reviewed and assessed grant opportunities.
3M Community Coalition and ERNs. 
The 3M Community Coalition is a group of diverse leaders from across the Twin Cities (Minneapolis and St. Paul), including community leaders and representatives from local government, nonprofit organizations, and the education sector, originally formed in 2020 to help guide our $50 million investment with a focus on racial equity challenges in St. Paul. Throughout 2021, we continued our work with this coalition, and they became even more deeply integrated into our efforts, moving well beyond a more traditional transactional model of philanthropy and into a relational one.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 45 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Working with Youthprise. 
One way we are being led by the communities we are investing in is through our work with Youthprise, a Minnesota-based organization focused on increasing access to highquality development opportunities for indigenous, low-income, and racially-diverse youth. These include workforce skills, entrepreneurship, and exposure to career pathways. Fifty percent of their board seats are reserved for youth, giving youth a voice in decision-making that will impact other youth.
This came to life in a number of ways, both externally as well as internally, with cascading effects. The 3M Community Coalition recommended engaging with our ERNs to amplify our efforts and help drive meaningful change inside the walls of 3M as well. This collaboration resulted in significant advancements, including: • Process changes related to our investments decision-making, including creating a multi-year giving policy for our year-over-year funding, as a majority of our funding for the $50 million commitment is in multi-year commitments, and nine out of 11 of these incremental investments were committed to diverse-led organizations • Introduction of new organizations that 3M had not previously worked with or given to • Use of metrics and feedback models to focus on advancing equity in our philanthropic work • Recommendations to better incorporate diversity, equity, and inclusion principles into our hiring as well as our product design processes. 
Our work continues to be influenced and augmented by the significant insights and input of the 3M Community Coalition, which has expanded to include all local recipients of our $50 million commitment.
In 2021, 3M invested $125,000 in the Youthprise organization to support a youth participatory action research (YPAR) project on the barriers to underrepresented youth in STEM and co-creating solutions to address barriers in the project itself.
United By Black, Powered By All founding investment. 
In 2021, 3M made a founding investment as a part of the Minnesota Business Coalition for Racial Equity (MBCRE) to the African American Leadership Forum (AALF) to help fund United By Black, Powered By All. This working group is focused on leveraging a Black-centered design approach to drive systemic change and community development for Black Minnesotans.
For more information on social justice, racial equity, and inclusion actions, see the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
Equitable infrastructure in St. Paul 3M and 3M Foundation support the development of vibrant and inclusive spaces for learning and community engagement among marginalized communities — we have centered our work in St. Paul, Minnesota, with a focus on serving populations affected by the death of George Floyd. This includes racially diverse business owners, communities, and organizations supporting neighbors in their community. In 2021, in collaboration with Heart of America Foundation, 3M continued supporting the rebuild of communities impacted by civil unrest in 2020, including financial, in-kind, and volunteer support.
Our work continues to be influenced and augmented by the significant insights and input of the 3M Community Coalition. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 46 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Partnership with Congressional Black Caucus Foundation 3M has partnered with the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation to support a 2021-22 John Lewis Congressional Black Caucus Foundation Social Justice Fellow. 3M is one of 20 organizations to provide funding for this program as well as scholarships for Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) students who are pursuing studies related to social justice policies. 3M’s partnership with the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation is one part of our commitment to advance racial equity inside and outside of our company.
Examples include the rebuilding of Gordon Parks High School (GPHS), which offers flexible class schedules for upperclassmen who need to make up credits, and refurbishing Springboard for the Arts, which is a nonprofit that connects artists to career-building opportunities and services. When 3M got involved, we wanted to do more than just restore the affected buildings — we set out to combine the expertise and volunteerism of our team and add top-of-the-line products to create an environment where returning students and artists would feel welcome and proud. From graphics and architectural finishes displaying new signage and art promoting inclusivity and equity, to protective window films on exteriors windows that provide safety, security, and UV protection, the transformations underlined momentous events, including GPHS’ graduation of its summer class of 2021 and Springboard for the Arts’ opening celebrations in October 2021.
Empowering the next generation 3M empowers the next generation of scientists and engineers by supporting education initiatives that advance equitable outcomes in STEM for underrepresented students. Our support is focused on strengthening the STEM and skilled trades ecosystem for underrepresented students by inspiring an interest in STEM, helping to improve academic outcomes, and supporting opportunities for students to attain STEM degrees and skilled trades certifications. Data from 3M’s State of Science Index (SOSI) helps guide our strategic STEM investments with insights from across the globe. Learn more about SOSI.
We believe that a continuum of STEM engagement will help lead to economic equity for individuals, especially marginalized populations. Our strategy is to expand access to STEM opportunities and improve outcomes. We aim to:
Inspire: We support programs that inspire student interest in STEM and skilled trades.
Improve: We help improve student academic outcomes by supporting hands-on STEM programs, STEM teachers, and STEM classroom projects.
Transform: We encourage direct, positive, and enduring change through scholarships and programs that help students successfully broaden their understanding of STEM concepts and pursue STEM and skilled trades degrees, certifications, and careers.
Gordon Parks High School photo by 3Mer Matt Carlson. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 47 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Science at Home. 
In April 2020, millions of students across the U.S. were suddenly transitioned to distance learning after schools closed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The impacts were especially hard for underrepresented and under-resourced students. 3M responded by partnering with the Bakken Museum in Minneapolis to create Science at Home — accessible, hands-on content focused on science-related education. This free resource consists of an online video library that contains more than 20 experiments, each featuring a 3M scientist, engineer, or a special guest performing a simple experiment that follows the Next Generation Science Standards used by many states in the U.S. 3M provided grant funding for participating teachers through the Donors Choose platform.
• SkillsUSA and WorldSkills provide forward-thinking educational programs, events, and competitions, and 3M has supported these organizations since 2008 and 2013 respectively. In 2021, 3M supported their general operations and a 3M representative served as a board member as part of our efforts to help close the workforce gap across many industries around the world. The ongoing challenges of the pandemic causing event cancellations created an opportunity for these organizations to shift their focus inward, evaluating their policies and principles with a strong emphasis on diversity, equity, and inclusion. We believe this important work has created an even better foundation for continued collaboration in the future. Learn more about our other skilled trade development efforts.
• Teach For America recruits, develops, and trains a diverse network of recent college graduates who make a two-year commitment to teaching in urban and rural communities across the U.S. A 3M grant supported recruitment, training, and professional development of diverse STEM teachers — recognizing that when teachers reflect student demographics, it is academically beneficial for all students and particularly students of color.
Community training resources. 
As manufacturing evolves and companies like 3M invest in facilities of the future, it is essential that our local technical schools and high schools have access to appropriate technologies and training. The following are some of the programs 3M continues to invest in to help keep the workforce pipeline flowing: • The 3M Manufacturing and. 
Academic Partnership (MAP) program provides manufacturing equipment, teacher training, and student scholarships through relationships with high schools and technical colleges in communities where we operate. Since 2017, we have supported 38 high schools and 13 community and technical colleges, and we provided 91 scholarships. In 2021, a new program was approved for Greenville, South Carolina.
3M then worked with Teach for America to deploy the Science at Home program to reach over 100,000 underrepresented students over the course of 2021. The program’s success led to its expansion to more than a dozen countries.
Recognizing that many communities do not have reliable access to the internet, 3M also partnered with an NGO in South Africa to create an adapted version of Science at Home in an activity pack that school children can use in their classrooms with their teachers.
3M helped deploy the Science at Home program to reach over 100K underrepresented students. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 48 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• 3M Tinkering Headstart: This. 
STEM education program for underprivileged students ages 7-12 in Singapore was created in partnership with Science Centre Singapore (SCS) and fully funded by a 3M and 3M Foundation competitive education grant. The first workshop of the program took place in 2021 and involved students building a solar-powered vehicle out of recycled materials.
For more information about global initiatives, please see 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
• 3M Visiting Wizards: In partnership with the Bakken Museum, 3M Wizards showcase interesting and exciting science demonstrations and hands-on experiments on a variety of STEM topics.
• 3M Tech Talks: This program offers classroom visits to provide students, especially women and minorities, with the opportunity to meet and interact with role models who enjoy technical careers. 3M volunteers from a variety of technical job positions, degree levels, and backgrounds participate.
STEM programs around the world. 
Our teams all over the world actively promote STEM programs for underserved populations in an effort to continue fostering diversity and equity in STEM careers. Highlights include: • FIRST® Robotics: This partnership helps young people discover and develop a passion for STEM through team sponsorship with the support of 3M volunteers, FIRST® LEGO® League and FIRST® Robotics Competition teams. In 2021, 3M advanced our strategic partnership with FIRST Robotics in Turkey, Poland, Israel, and Australia.
Science Encouragement Programs (SEP)
In alignment with our goal of creating 5 million unique STEM and skilled trades learning experiences for underrepresented individuals by the end of 2025, 3M reinvigorated its Science Encouragement Programs (SEP), a set of volunteer programs designed to encourage and support student interest and achievement in STEM. This collection of volunteer opportunities is aimed at connecting students with 3M scientists and engineers to inspire them to pursue careers in science fields. As a company of amazing and diverse scientists and engineers, we feel uniquely positioned to engage students and communities in this way.
The programs are: • 3M TWIST (Teachers Working in. 
Science and Technology): In this sixweek paid summer research program, teachers work with a 3M volunteer host and learn about 3M technology in real-world applications.
• 3M STEP (Science Training. 
Encouragement Program): High school juniors and seniors of diverse backgrounds participate in the process of scientific discovery through mentoring by 3M volunteers, classroom instruction, and summer experience in a 3M laboratory.
Our teams all over the world actively promote STEM programs for underserved populations in an effort to continue fostering diversity and equity in STEM careers. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 49 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Inspiring employees to change the world. 
By investing in volunteer programs that promote a circular economy, fight against climate change, and create a more positive world through science, 3M inspires and empowers our employees to play an essential role in driving change.
Skills-based volunteering 3M offers a portfolio of skills-based volunteering programs for employees called 3M Impact, which includes: • 3M Impact Global, which sends employees to communities around the world to work on-site with local nonprofit organizations and social enterprises for two weeks, has been put on hold due to COVID-19. Due to the popularity of the program, 3M is prioritizing existing applicants for future deployments and is also working to make the program bigger and more accessible when it reconvenes in the future.
Young Scientist Challenge. 
The 3M Young Scientist Challenge is the premier middle school science competition in the U.S. for students in grades 5 through 8. This one-of-a-kind competition seeks to spark curiosity in students and empower them to solve real-world problems that help improve lives. The winner receives a $25,000 scholarship and the title of “America’s Top Young Scientist” for the year. In lieu of the poster session typically held on campus, in 2021, 3M hosted five virtual sessions to introduce 3M employees to our 2021 3M Young Scientist Challenge finalists and their 3M mentors. Finalists in 2021 incorporated sustainability goals into their developments, and the winning participant was recognized for creating a personalized music therapy treatment for mental health disorders using artificial intelligence (AI), galvanic skin response (GSR), and photoplethysmography (PPG).
Project Scientist. 
In 2021, 3M again worked with Project Scientist — an organization whose purpose is to ignite and cultivate confidence in girls through seasonal programming. A total of 3,000 girls participated in 2021, more than half of whom were from under-resourced households and who attended for free. Activities included Discover Entrepreneurship week, which involved 7,690 hands-on science experiments, 5,590 interactions with 14 3M STEM Superstar volunteers, a Parent Night hosted by 3M inventor Cristina Thomas, and holiday programming.
• 3M Impact Local, where employees work with a nonprofit organization or social enterprise located in their own community, continued in a virtual format in 2021. In the U.S., locations included Alabama, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Washington, D.C. Internationally, locations included Brazil, Canada, Costa Rica, Mexico, the Philippines, and Poland. As we continue to realize great success with the program, we hope to build upon that success by working to expand it to all regions while also working to find ways to make it available to even more 3M employees in the coming years.
• 3M Impact in a Day, 3M’s hackathon model, was also held virtually with its biggest year yet in October 2021. 3M employees served over 30 local organizations by providing functional expertise in human resources, marketing and communications, IT, operations, and finance.
• 3M Impact Small Diverse Business. 
Hackathon, a new addition to the 3M Impact portfolio, launched in August 2021 in partnership with the Minnesota Economic Development Association (MEDA). This program enabled 3M employees to directly support diverse business-owners as part of our commitment to advancing equity and aligned with MEDA’s expertise in pro bono business consulting. 3M teams met virtually with eight of MEDA’s clients in 2021.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 50 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• 3M Impact Health Care, where employees use our health care expertise to help address health care inequities, was also held virtually. The goal of 3M Impact Health Care is to build the capacity of nonprofit and community health organizations whose mission is to provide health care services to historically disadvantaged populations. Building on the success of its 2020 launch, 3M employees worked with 16 organizations globally in 2021, working toward health equity by addressing health care disparities and social determinants of health.
A world of volunteers. 
Our eighth annual 3M Global Volunteer Day, observed in October 2021, included a total of nearly 30 participating 3M sites in countries around the world. Volunteer service events were held virtually and in-person (where possible) in collaboration with local nonprofit partners. Activities and themes ranged from recording inspirational story audiobooks for children and the elderly to translating educational videos and content aimed at bridging learning gaps and more.
Another addition to the 2021 Global Volunteer Day included the launch of a new project by 3M Middle East Africa and the Rawafed Foundation in the United Arab Emirates called Ask a STEM Role Model. It promotes STEM to underserved primary school students through Q&A sessions with 3M engineers. The Rawafed Foundation also created schools to educate children in need as well as refugees.
through 3M Impact work hours of skills-based volunteerism 16.5K. 
In 2021, 3M provided. 
Standing out among standouts. 
For the past 35 years, the 3M Volunteer Award has celebrated extraordinary 3M volunteers who generously share their time and talents to improve lives in the areas of education, community, or the environment. Nine awardees were honored globally in 2021, representing Belgium, Brazil, China, France, Hong Kong, Italy, and the U.S.
Big hearts, matched. 
As part of the 3M Foundation Volunteer Match program, 3M Foundation donates money to eligible nonprofit organizations when a U.S. based 3M employee or retiree volunteers in our community. In 2021, 3M made the program more accessible by offering a $20 volunteer match for each hour of service, up to a $500 donation per volunteer per year. In past years, the program required a minimum of 25 hours of service. Since 2000, 3M Foundation has donated $11.5 million in 3M Volunteer Match dollars, and in 2021, Volunteer Match grants supported 1,440 unique schools and/or nonprofit organizations throughout the U.S.
Giving that starts at home 3M and 3M Foundation seek to amplify the philanthropic impact of employees through relevant matchinggift programs. In the United States, 3M Foundation’s program matched up to $1,000 per employee gift in 2021 plus an added level of matching gifts to higher education institutions. In 2021, global employees contributed $3.80 million in donations and pledges through the 3M and 3M Foundation matching-gift programs. When combined with the match, this totaled more than $6.39 million in donations to help solve our communities’ greatest needs, supporting more than 1,440 organizations.
When combined with the 3M and 3M Foundation match, employee donations totaled more than $6.39M to help solve our communities’ greatest needs. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 51 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Strong collaborations with NGOs 3M worked with the National Association for the Exchange of Industrial Resources (NAEIR) to provide needed materials and supplies to a multitude of nonprofit organizations in the U.S., from hospitals to schools to shelters.
In addition to streamlining 3M’s excess product donations process, NAEIR is a 3M strategic community partner, administering the 3M Supplies for Community Partners and the 3M Supplies for Schools product donation programs that support 3M communities across the U.S.
A large part of this effort involves donating excess inventory, leveraging life-improving products in meaningful ways to help people who are in need. 3M also worked with the Kids in Need Foundation to provide product donations to under-resourced K-12 teachers and students across the U.S. For information on how 3M products help build sustainable communities, visit the Our customers and Our products sections.
Empowering local communities 3M sites in the U.S. managed their own 3M Foundation budgets and had the authority to determine how to help address local community needs and set priorities in 2021.
Some of our sites from around the world undertake a stakeholder engagement planning process to identify key issues in their communities like hunger or homelessness, and then local leadership develops and implements a plan to help address them. For example, in 2021, 3M Canada, in its work with the United Way of Leeds & Greenville, hosted the 3M Harvest Lunch in Brockville, Ontario. 3M volunteers helped prepare and serve fresh meals to members of the community in need.
Humanitarian aid for natural disasters (nonCOVID-related) 3M works with strategic community partners, Direct Relief, MAP International, and American Red Cross to provide financial support and product donations to communities in times of need. In 2021, in addition to our pandemic support, cash and/ or product donations were provided for relief from the Western Europe flooding, the earthquake in Haiti, the Texas winter storm, California wildfires, and hurricanes in the southeastern U.S. Donated products included N95 respirators, 3M™ Tegaderm™ Dressing, 3M™ Littmann® Stethoscopes, spray disinfectant, hard hats, reusable daily masks, surgical masks, 3M™ Durapore™ Surgical Tape, 3M™ Cavilon™ Skin Protection Film, protective eyewear, daily masks, and safety vests.
Cash In-kind Total Volunteer hours. 
Community $18,100,000 $24,900,000 $42,900,000 187,000 Education $21,300,000 $22,100,000 $43,400,000. 
Environment $2,080,000 $43,000 $2,120,000. 
Total $41,500,000 $47,000,000 $88,500,000 187,000. 
Values presented in this table represent the most current values, in $USD, but are still subject to change. Totals may vary due to rounding. Volunteer hours include employees and retirees. In-kind giving includes a small subset of pro bono volunteerism assessed at then-current value per hour in alignment with valuation guidance defined by CECP.
2021 giving by focus area. 
Cash In-kind Total Volunteer hours. 
Asia Pacific $1,250,000 $1,290,000 $2,540,000 6,990. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa $470,000 $447,000 $917,000 5,760. 
Latin America $656,000 $341,000 $998,000 11,900. 
United States, Canada $37,400,000 $36,800,000 $74,200,000 162,000. 
OUS, region not defined $1,690,000 $8,140,000 $9,830,000 396. 
Total $41,500,000 $47,000,000 $88,500,000 187,000. 
Values presented in this table represent the most current values, in $USD, but are still subject to change. Totals may vary due to rounding. Volunteer hours include employees and retirees. In-kind giving includes a small subset of pro bono volunteerism assessed at then-current value per hour in alignment with valuation guidance defined by CECP.
2021 global giving by region. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 52 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In alignment with our new goal for advancing equity in STEM and skilled trades, 2021 was a year of identifying, creating, and investing in new partnerships and programs designed to positively advance equitable outcomes. In the next year, we will continue to engage, monitor, and measure the impact of those initiatives as we take more steps toward our incremental five-year, $50 million commitment to address social justice, both within 3M and in our communities.
Our focus will be to drive philanthropy that is relational rather than transactional, as we continue to expand and invest in areas where we can lend our unique expertise and technologies to drive the greatest impact. To that aim, we will deploy our reinvigorated Science Encouragement Programs, including expansions of our 3M Visiting Wizards and 3M Tech Talks initiatives. Additionally, our Safety & Industrial Business Group plans to invest $3 million and roll out a process for working with East Side Employment xChange, which represents multiple leading organizations that provide training for skilled trades to underrepresented individuals. In addition to funding, 3M will provide volunteers and insight on the types of training and the content of the curriculum.
We will continue to play an important role in the fight against COVID-19 as we manufacture products that help protect people as well as solutions that are used in the development and production of vaccines and therapeutics.
We will continue to adapt our portfolio of 3M Impact programs to meet the needs of our communities in 2022, even as we continue to pause 3M Impact Global due to the pandemic. We will expand our virtual 3M Impact programs as well as our 3M Impact Local locations to continue taking meaningful steps in 3M’s Science for Community goal to provide 300,000 work hours of skills-based volunteerism by 3M employees to improve lives and help solve society’s toughest challenges.
We will continue to advance environmental justice, build on global team expertise and develop a site prioritization matrix using science to improve lives and equity for all people, and collaborate with the communities where we work and live.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 53 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


2021 Year in Review 3M and the 3M Foundation continued to invest in improving lives in 3M communities with investments that drive equity in STEM and skilled trades, volunteer activities that leverage the skills and talents of 3M employees, and the deployment of 3M products for social impact.
Total Giving 2021 $88.5M 1.23%
Supporting 3M communities in 50 states + District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, and more than 55 countries 83% of giving dedicated in the U.S., 17% international. 
Total 2021 giving higher than any prior year at 3M compared to 2020 corporate median of $27.5M (Source: CECP1) of pre-tax profit compared to 2020 corporate median of 1.25%
Advance Economic Equity 3M set goals to advance economic equity by supporting programs that will help increase participation of underrepresented populations in STEM and skilled trades careers.
1 Chief Executives for Corporate Purpose©. Giving in Numbers: 2021 Edition™: cecp.co/home/ resources/giving-in-numbers/ 2 Historically Black Colleges and University 3 Hispanic-Serving Institution. 
Employee Empowerment 3M employees stepped up — supporting our community through philanthropy and volunteer service, including skills-based volunteering.
3M Product Deployment. 
Throughout 2021, 3M made strategic financial and product donations in response to community needs.
187,000 volunteer hours logged globally in 2021. 
K-12 Partnerships $10.6M Advancing equity in access to STEM & skilled trades Including $1.87 million: St. Paul, Minnesota public schools. 
Skilled trades upskilling partnerships $1.4M Supporting adults on a journey of career pathway in skilled trades, proven to help secure a job with a strong living wage Including $750,000: East Side Employment Xchange $19.6M. 
NAEIR and Kids in Need Providing product donations to nonprofit organizations and schools in the U.S.
1,440 schools and nonprofits supported through the 3M Foundation Volunteer Match program in the United States $6.39M total employee contributions and 3M Foundation match to help solve our communities’ greatest needs by supporting over 3,000 organizations throughout the U.S.
$884,000. 
FIRST® robotics Enhancing student experiences through donation of products for robotics kits $9.7M in product donations for humanitarian aid Supporting COVID response in U.S. and India and providing humanitarian aid for natural disasters throughout the world. 
Higher Education and Diversity Investment $8.7M Helping underrepresented students pursue and persist in STEM majors and STEM careers through multi-year partnerships with HBCUs,2 HSIs,3 and diversity organizations. Including $1 million: UNCF 16,500 skills-based volunteer hours including a new 3M Impact skills-based program supporting diverse business owners. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 54 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
We know that a diverse, global workforce — people with different experiences, racial and ethnic backgrounds, ages, gender identities, sexual orientations, abilities, personalities, styles, and ways of thinking — helps us better understand the needs of 3M customers, suppliers, and community partners around the world.
Equity and inclusion are the keys to unlocking the true power of that diversity. Through an ongoing and constant process of identifying and removing barriers to participation and a strong focus on engaging every employee, we can foster an ever more inclusive culture that supports and appreciates differences and provides fair and equal opportunities for everyone.
Diversity, equity, and inclusion Cultivating a connected community by listening, understanding, and acting. 
We aspire to be an enterprise where people are respected for being exactly who they are, and everyone feels a sense of belonging — both within and outside of our walls. Our stakeholders look to 3M as a leader in influencing the change we want and need in our communities.
Learn more in our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report. 
Powered by purpose. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 55 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Powered by inclusion. 
As a science-based company with a promise to help solve some of the world’s greatest challenges, it is our imperative to become the most inclusive enterprise we can be. Inclusion leads to engagement, engagement fosters creativity, creativity sparks innovation, and innovation manifests growth.
Above all, fostering a culture that supports diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) aligns with our Purpose — unlocking the power of people, ideas, and science to reimagine what’s possible. Diversity, equity, and inclusion are about creating intellectual and emotional oxygen so all people can flourish and feel comfortable to collaborate, agree, disagree, and respectfully exchange, learn, and create. Yet we believe our responsibility as a company goes further — to not only look forward, but also to act on structural inequities and champion social justice with the knowledge that there is still much work to do.
Learn more about our Purpose, Promise, and Principles in our Leading with purpose section.
Corporate governance and commitments. 
The 3M Respectful Workplace Principle, as part of the 3M Code of Conduct, lays out what it means to be an employee at 3M: “Everyone is entitled to respectful treatment in the 3M workplace. Being respected means being treated honestly and professionally, with each person’s unique talents, background, and perspectives valued. A respectful workplace is free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, but it involves more than compliance with the law. It is a work environment that is free of inappropriate or unprofessional behavior and consistent with 3M’s ethics and values — a place where everyone can do his or her best, and where people are free to report workplace concerns without fear of retaliation or reprisal.”
To foster this kind of workplace, we follow our Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) policies, which prohibit all forms of discrimination or harassment against applicants, employees, vendors, contractors, or customers on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, marital status, citizenship status, status with regard to public assistance, gender identity/ expression, or any other reason prohibited by law.
We will work to eliminate internal systemic barriers and empower diversity and inclusion advocacy.
We are committed to: • Accelerating representation globally across all dimensions of diversity, with a focus in our U.S. workforce on people who are Black/African American and/or Hispanic/Latino • Systematically reviewing and adjusting our practices for fairness and equity • Training all U.S.-based operating committees in racial inclusion advocacy • Using our advocacy to support inclusive communities and workplaces globally. 
We believe a sustainable future is one in which ecosystems and communities thrive and opportunities are equitable and accessible for all. To advance the social justice and impact agenda, 3M created a 3M Equity & Community organization to support our goals and commitments to progress equity in our workplaces, business practices, and communities globally. This holistic and cross-functional organization connects our teams and strategies across the areas of diversity and inclusion in our workforce.
The key to any business strategy is setting goals, communicating them, and most importantly, being accountable for achieving them. As we work to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion within 3M, we use data to drive action plans and additional aspirations to move us forward.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 56 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


A diverse, global workforce and inclusive culture that provides fair and equitable opportunities helps 3M remain competitive, advance its innovative culture, and serve customers. We focus on attracting and advancing top talent and have committed to advancing global diversity in management across all dimensions, with the additional specific goals to continue advancing pay equity and to increase diversity with underrepresented groups.
We support these values with an internal CEO Inclusion Council, chaired by CEO Mike Roman, to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. We plan to invest $50 million over a five-year period through 2025 to address racial opportunity gaps through workforce development initiatives in communities in which our employees live and our business operates. See additional details in our Communities section.
Goal: double the pipeline of diverse talent in management to build a diverse workforce by 20301. 
Goal: double the representation of Black/African American and Hispanic/Latino employees in the U.S. (entry-level through management)
Goal: maintain or achieve 100% pay equity globally. 
Increasing diverse representation in every region in which we operate globally is a core part of our sustainability strategy. Doubling our diverse talent in management positions will ultimately help build a diverse pipeline for executive leadership as well. We recognize that definitions of diversity vary among different countries and cultures.
3M aims to reflect the diversity of our customers, suppliers, and community partners.
1 In 2021, 3M updated the goal maturity date to 2030 from 2025. See Our actions, Our global workforce for more details.
We are building on our foundation by taking accelerated, bolder action to bring the demographics of 3M’s workforce in line with broader workforce availability and advance representation of underrepresented groups at 3M.
We will focus first on the U.S., where underrepresented groups in our 3M workforce include Black/African America and Hispanic/Latino employees.
As part of our efforts to promote equity across our enterprise, we continue to act and refine our processes to work toward achieving pay equity across our entire enterprise. Learn more about our process in our Compensation section.
We plan to invest $50 million over a five-year period through 2025 to address racial opportunity gaps. 
Progress: behind goal of doubling the pipeline 2030 goal 2015. 
Progress: toward goal of doubling representation ongoing 2020. 
Progress: achieving goal of 100% maintained ongoing 2020. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 57 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


20% 50% 60% 70% 10% 30% 40% 0 2017 2019 2020 2021 2018 2016 2015. 
Global Diversity Index. 
Diversity in management. 
Our global workforce 3M aims to reflect the diversity of our customers, suppliers, and community partners.
In 2015, we announced an ambitious commitment to double our global diverse representation of talent in management by 2025. While we’ve made good progress in moving from 32.6% to 44.5% on our way toward our goal of 65.2%, we’ve had to acknowledge that the maturity of our processes, systems, and programs are not going to enable us to deliver on our original commitment. Based on a new assessment of our progress to date, we have developed a plan to deliver on this goal by 2030. We remain committed to advancing this important goal and continue to make notable investments to accelerate this effort.
The global Diversity Index measures our progress toward this goal. The 3M definition of diverse representation includes gender, race/ethnicity, nationality, people with disabilities, U.S. military veterans, and people who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, questioning or queer, intersex, or another gender identity or sexual orientation (LGBTQI+). To measure progress against our goal, we use the 3M Diversity Index, which represents the total number of diverse leaders within the company globally.
In many countries, including the U.S., we provide our employees the opportunity to voluntarily contribute to the Diversity Index database through confidential self-identification of information such as disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, and gender identity.
Our actions 3M will continue to take meaningful steps toward a more equitable future for our global employee population, as well as the communities in which we operate.
3M made an initial commitment to listen, understand and act. Listening to our employees and better understanding the needs of our communities helped us identify where we can take positive and meaningful action to make a difference. It was also a year of investments that will enable us to build a strong foundation for equitable outcomes far into the future.
Learn more about our actions in our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
Our initial focus is on our U.S. underrepresented groups which include Black/African American and Hispanic/ Latino employees. In 2021, we saw trend and trajectory improvement in our efforts to progress in both of our underrepresented group commitments and anticipate even more progress in the coming year as we implement more processes and tools to further enhance our efforts in hiring, retaining, and developing our talent.
2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report. 
Powered by purpose. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 58 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


15% 10% 5% 25% 35% 40% 30% 20% 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0. 
Representation of women in our workforce. 
Percentage of total employees (global, all levels, production and nonproduction) 30 20 10 50 60 40 0 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017. 
Asia Pacific. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Global. 
Representation of underrepresented groups (U.S.)
Entry-level through management 40 30 10 20 50 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0. 
Asia Pacific. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Global 3M global female employees by region. 
Percentage of total employees (global, all levels, production and nonproduction) 6% 4% 2% 10% 14% 16% 18% 12% 8% 2021 2020 0 3M global female hires by region. 
Percentage of total hires. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 59 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Pay equity 3M’s global pay philosophy, principles, and consistent implementation produce fair and equitable pay for our employees. We analyze pay equity by comparing employees in the same job category, job grade, and location.
Pay equity in the areas we operate. 
To continue driving toward gender pay equity, we conduct a supplemental analysis of average pay for males and females and compare the two (i.e., a raw wage gap). We also compare, by location, pay for males and females in all jobs and job grades. An assessment is then completed to determine any disparity.
Through an objective process using aggregated data and industry-leading compensation methods, we have achieved 100% gender pay equity in our global regions and U.S. racial/ ethnic groups.
The pay gap by gender across all 80 countries where 3M has employees is 0.27% when we consider grade, location, and job code. When analyzing the gender wage gap by area, we see a similar trend where all areas have a wage gap of less than 1%. We continued to push for more granularity in our analyses and reporting of compensation values globally so we can maintain pay equity and transparency across the globe. For additional details, see our Compensation section.
Opportunities for individuals through new partnerships. 
At 3M, we believe in the fair treatment, access, and opportunity for individuals and are committed to advocating for human rights and removing barriers to equity. 3M signed the Human Rights Campaign’s Business Coalition for the Equality Act, joining other leading U.S. employers to declare support for U.S. federal legislation that would provide the same basic protections to LGBTQIA+ people that are provided to other protected groups under federal law.
In support of the United Nations LGBTI Standards of Conduct for Business, 3M joined other companies in committing to processes, policies, and programs that promote equality and safety, prevent harassment and discrimination, and advance LGBTQIA+ individuals in the workplace and the community.
Innovating equity in our products. 
Opportunities to drive greater equity exist within virtually every facet of our culture — including what we create. In 2019, we introduced our Sustainability Value Commitments (SVC), which are required for all new 3M products entering the commercialization process. In 2021, we began piloting expanded SVC options that include equity and social justice as additional components of sustainability for our product development teams to evaluate accessibility in areas like product design, facilities, and technology.
By asking how a product might advance equitable outcomes for underrepresented communities, we aim to create solutions that help address larger social issues like expanding transportation options in underserved areas, making health care more universally applicable for diverse groups, or increasing affordability of our products. We are approaching accessibility with the understanding that our customers and colleagues are people first. Each person represents a unique spectrum of abilities that may vary based on the context or situation, so we focus on “designing for the abilities of our users.” This opens the door for dialogue, creative problemsolving, and solutions that improve the experience for all stakeholders. Examples of this mindset in practice are the weighted Post-it® Note and Scotch® Tape dispensers that enable single-handed use through a clip or weighted base. Any user could find greater convenience in these items — and they may be particularly appreciated by a person living with an upper limb disability.
To learn more, see our Innovation management section.
Gender pay equity in our global regions* 100% 100%
U.S. pay equity for racial/ethnic groups* *Compares job category, job grade, and location. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 60 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Each equity commitment is uniquely ownable for the business group, bold, measurable, globally scalable and aligned to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. They include:
Health Care Business Group (HCBG) addresses health care disparities: The World Health Organization, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the United Nations all recognize that only 20% of health outcomes are addressed in a health care setting, and 80% of outcomes are addressed by Social Determinants of Health (SDOH). SDOH are the conditions in which people are born, grow, work, live, and age, as well as the wider set of forces and systems shaping the conditions of daily life.
HCBG is working toward health equity through partnerships with communitybased organizations and academia, understanding their needs and linking those with 3M capabilities and employee skills. The team worked with a dental coalition across Minnesota to increase critical dental care access for historically marginalized populations by nearly 20% and helped to secure state and federal funding of $120 million. The team is now working to expand this work globally.
Enabling growth with a focus on our communities. 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core to 3M’s values, which extend beyond our company to our communities. We are bringing more voices to the table, creating an environment where those voices are heard and valued, and innovating in meaningful ways to meet the needs of our diverse consumers and markets.
Equity commitments within our business groups. 
To drive greater equity in our communities, 3M’s four business groups will leverage the power of each group’s people, products, philanthropy, and partnerships to elevate health care equity, increase access to homeownership, support urban safety and mobility, and promote trade skills. Leveraging the power of each group’s people, products, philanthropy, and partnership, our aim is to address challenges where we are uniquely positioned to excel.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 61 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Investing in supplier diversity. 
As a global company with a large footprint, we recognize our ability to promote diversity and inclusion efforts not only in our own organization, but within our supply chain as well. That’s why in 2021, we began laying the groundwork for a mentorship program with a focus on consulting engagements to support diverse suppliers within our supply chain.
To learn more, see our Suppliers section.
Safety & Industrial Business Group (SIBG) promotes skilled trades: Research by the Connected Learning Alliance reveals that by the eighth grade, students tend to have already formed their occupational identities, and by tenth grade, many have selected a career pathway focus. SIBG is identifying community partnerships that support hands-on training and certification opportunities for students and young adults in high-growth, highdemand skilled trade occupations. Almost 200 students over three years will benefit from 3M equipping two schools in Austin, Texas, with a training facility for the electrical trades. We will also sponsor 20 students who elect to go into further training as electricians. These partner schools have a diverse population mix of more than 90% Black/African American and Hispanic/Latino students.
Learn more about how 3M’s four business groups set new equity commitments and visit Our products section for additional details.
Transportation & Electronics Business Group (TEBG) supports urban safety and mobility: TEBG is working to improve urban safety for pedestrians, bicyclists, and drivers by enhancing visibility and signage in select city centers to help bring families home safely. According to Vision Zero, individuals of color and low-income communities are twice as likely to be killed while walking and half as likely to benefit from safe walking and biking infrastructure in their communities. That is why school zone safety has long been a focus for TEBG, which produces pavement marking tapes and signages that make school zone crossings easier. In 2022, TEBG is setting out to improve crosswalks, signs, and other safety improvements at 100 schools around the world that predominately serve students of color.
Consumer Business Group (CBG) increases access to homeownership: CBG is partnering with organizations that increase homeownership access for underrepresented groups, as well as providing meaningful product donations that make a house a home. According to Minnesota Compass, “only 24% of Black households in the state own their home, compared with 77% of white Minnesota households, one of the highest disparities in the nation.” Going beyond funding, product donations, or volunteering, CBG is working with Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity to help evaluate its processes and measures of success with the goal of removing barriers that could prevent people, especially Black families, from entering the homeownership pipeline. CBG plans to expand this program with other Habitat for Humanity affiliates across the U.S. and our global communities.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 62 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
As a global science, technology, and manufacturing company, we believe 3M is uniquely positioned to bring our full capabilities to advance equity and inclusion, not only in our workplaces but also in our communities. As we advance our social justice and equity initiatives with urgency, we know systemic change requires resources and long-term dedication. We will focus on moving the needle on our representation goals, continuing to deliver on our $50 million community investment, and partnering with organizations dedicated to ensuring justice and equity.
Learn more in our 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report. 
Powered by purpose. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 63 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Here, at 3M, we strive to improve every life, act with unwavering integrity, and ask question after question to develop innovative solutions with a purpose.
We value the recognition we receive, as it shows we are a company driven by employees who are truly making a difference in the world.
The World’s Most Ethical Companies®
The World’s Most Ethical Companies® program, managed by the Ethisphere® Institute, honors companies that excel in “promoting ethical business standards and practices internally, enabling managers and employees to make good choices, and shaping future industry standards by introducing tomorrow’s best practices today.” According to the institute, honorees have also historically outperformed other companies from a financial perspective, supporting the notion that sound ethical practices are appreciated in the competitive marketplace. In 2022, 135 honorees were recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies, spanning 22 countries and 45 industries. 3M is one of only seven companies in the industrial manufacturing category to receive this recognition in 2022.
Recognition. 
Fast Company’s Brands That Matter. 
In 2021, 3M was identified as a top company leading the way in supporting women inside and outside its workforce. According to Forbes, the list was compiled by surveying 85,000 women in 40 countries. Respondents were asked to rate their employers on criteria such as pay equity and parental leave, with additional considerations being representation at the executive and board levels. 3M also recently made Forbes’ list of America’s Best Employers for Women.
World’s Best Workplaces by Great Places to Work 3M was recognized as one of the “25 incredible companies that are building the best workplace cultures in the world.” 3M also secured 15 National Best Workplaces™ Awards for the following nations: Bolivia, Brazil, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic Chile, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Japan, Mexico, Panama, Peru, Poland, and Trinidad & Tobago.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 64 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M Joins SSGA Gender Diversity Index 3M joins State Street Global Advisors’ (SSGA) Gender Diversity Index ETF. The SSGA is a select group of largescale U.S. companies that are closing gender gaps and advancing women through gender diversity.
“We are proud to be included in the SSGA Gender Diversity Index as another recognition of 3M’s continued commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion,” said 3M chairman and chief executive officer, Mike Roman. “We continue to drive business growth while building on our environmental, social, and governance commitments and creating a more sustainable business. From our facilities around the world, to our Board of Directors, to our vendor partners, 3M champions gender equality and an inclusive culture.”
Forbes World’s Top FemaleFriendly Companies. 
Forbes teamed up with market research company Statista to identify the leading companies that support women inside and outside their workforces with their inaugural ranking of the World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies. To compile the list, Statista surveyed 85,000 women in 40 countries. All surveys were anonymous, allowing participants to openly share their opinions. Respondents were asked to rate their employers’ performance on gender-related criteria and their willingness to recommend their employer to others. They were also asked to evaluate other employers in their respective industries. Statista also asked respondents to rate companies based on their corporate responsibility, marketing campaigns, and public perception, as related to gender equality. 3M made the list of the 300 companies that received the most recommendations and boasted the most gender-diverse boards and executive ranks.
Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality. 
Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index is the national benchmarking tool on corporate policies, practices, and benefits pertinent to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) employees. For the eleventh straight year, 3M earned a perfect score of 100% and, along with it, the distinction of being named among the “Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality.”
Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion. 
In the seventh annual Disability Equality Index® (DEI®) survey, 3M earned a top score of 100%, making 3M one of the “Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion.” 2022 Global RepTrak® 100 3M was recognized as one of the 100 Most Reputable Companies by The RepTrak Company™. The 2022 Global RepTrak® 100 is the definitive ranking and analysis of corporate reputation for the world’s leading companies. It showcases how people feel, think and act toward companies globally.
3M Brazil: Pró-Ética Certification Award. 
For six years, 3M Brazil has been recognized by the Brazilian Government with the Pró Ética Certification Award. The certification was created to promote ethics and encourage companies to take voluntary steps to prevent corruption, creating a more ethical, transparent, and honest business environment. 3M Brazil was recognized for top management’s commitment to ethics, their policies and procedures, and their risk monitoring and analysis.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 65 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


MSCI ESG Ratings*
In 2021, 3M received a rating of AAA in the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment. MSCI ESG Research provides MSCI ESG Ratings on global public and a few private companies on a scale of AAA (leader) to CCC (laggard), according to exposure to industryspecific ESG risks and the ability to manage those risks relative to peers.
* The use by 3M of any MSCI ESG Research LLC or its affiliates (“MSCI”) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, do not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of 3m by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided ‘as-is’ and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
ISS Environmental and Social Quality 3M earned best-in-class ranking for risk management around environmental and social areas of concern by Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS). 3M earned the topperforming ISS QualityScore of “1.”
FTSE4Good Index Series. 
FTSE Russell confirmed that 3M, in 2021, had been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good criteria and satisfied the requirements to become a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series. Created by the global index provider FTSE Russell, the FTSE4Good Index Series is designed to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong environmental, social, and governance (ESG) practices. The FTSE4Good indices are used by a wide variety of market participants to create and assess responsible investment funds and other products.
RE100 Market Trailblazer Award 3M was recognized with the Market Trailblazer Award from RE100, a global initiative bringing together the world’s most influential businesses committed to 100% renewable power. The award was announced during Climate Week NYC and celebrates RE100 companies that are committed to driving market change, communicating transparently about the barriers they face, and collaborating with companies, utilities, and governments to drive change.
EcoVadis Gold Recognition Level. 
EcoVadis awarded 3M a Gold Recognition Level for achievements in the 95th percentile of suppliers assessed in corporate social responsibility (CSR) in global supply chains.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 66 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Latina Style Award. 
In September 2021, 3M was selected as one of the Top 50 companies for Latinas to work for in the United States by LATINA Style Inc. The LATINA Style 50 Report is the most respected evaluation of corporate America’s career advancement opportunities for Latinas in the United States.
Top 50 Workplaces for Indigenous STEM Professionals 3M was recognized by the American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) as one of the Top 50 Workplaces for Indigenous STEM Professionals. AISES is a national nonprofit organization focused on substantially increasing the representation of Indigenous peoples of North America and Pacific Islands in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) studies and careers.
Clarivate™ Top 100 Global Innovators™ 2021. 
Since 2012, Clarivate™ has created a list of companies and institutions that contribute new ideas, solve problems, and create new economic value. From their data-driven analysis, they rank the 100 innovators that sit at the top of the global innovation landscape. 3M has made the Clarivate™ Top 100 Global Innovators list every year since its inception.
3BL Media 100 Best Corporate Citizens. 
In 2021, 3BL Media named 3M the 34th best corporate citizen for being a standout business in the areas of environmental, social, and governance performance. 3M has made the ranking each year since 2009.
Society of Women Engineers’ Global Team Leadership Award 3M’s female-led Global Respirator Decontamination Team was awarded the prestigious Global Team Leadership Award by the Society of Women Engineers. This award is presented to a team with women in technical leadership roles that meet or exceed project objectives while demonstrating innovative thinking to overcome global challenges. The team collaborated with external decontamination equipment manufacturers to analyze the effect of decontamination methods on the filtration and fit of 3M disposable respirators. This collaboration with leaders in health care decontamination allowed the team to test more than 35 decontamination methods to find the most effective processes. For more information, see 3M Respirator Decontamination Team receives Society of Women Engineers Global Team Leadership Award.
Woman Engineer Magazine 3M was ranked No. 16 on Woman Engineer Magazine’s Top 50 Employers for 2021.
World Business Council for Sustainable Development, Reporting matters. 
In 2021, Reporting matters published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) recognized 3M for its good practice of navigation and flow in our annual Sustainability Report: “3M features an interactive ‘Contents’ page at the start of its 2021 Sustainability Report that provides a clear line of sight to the various sections and sub-sections in the report. An interactive navigation bar at the top of each page links back to the ‘Contents’ page and each report section, enabling convenient access to content. 3M starts each section with a divider page that has interactive links to sub-sections.” 3M’s female-led Global Respirator Decontamination Team was awarded the prestigious Global Team Leadership Award by the Society of Women Engineers. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 67 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 68 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Introduction 69. 
Corporate governance 70. 
Enterprise risk 78. 
Corporate Code of Conduct 82. 
Human rights 92. 
Compensation 102. 
Employee programs 107. 
Environmental, health, and safety management 120. 
Circular materials 135. 
Climate and energy 149. 
Suppliers 166. 
How we work


Over the past 47 years, these projects have prevented 2.85M short tons of pollutants. 
We innovate in ways big and small, continuously transforming what we deliver and how we work to drive next-generation ideas forward. While the COVID-19 pandemic impacted our operations and employees throughout 2021, we remained committed to promoting flexibility. We reimagined how we operate with the launch of Work Your Way: a trust-based work model that evolves the assumption that on-site work must be the default.
Just as sustainability is embedded in our promise to improve lives by helping solve the world’s greatest challenges, sustainable thinking is embedded into the core of 3M and in the strategic planning process we use for every business. In each of our business groups and areas, we have dedicated sustainability leaders who develop a relevant and well-informed strategy specific to their market demands and business goals.
3M’s groundbreaking Pollution Prevention Pays (3P) program, which began in 1975, continues at 3M. Sites submit, undertake, and track 3P projects annually in order to reduce waste. We recognize the important role sustainability has in every part of our operations and are committed to further embedding this in our DNA as we grow.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 69 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
How we work


Our commitment 3M believes that good corporate governance practices serve the long-term interests of shareholders, strengthen the Board and management, and further enhance the public trust 3M has earned from more than a century of operating with uncompromising integrity and doing business the right way. Our corporate governance principles govern how we do business daily, enabling us to outperform and lead the way to sustainable growth.
They provide a framework that defines the roles, rights, and responsibilities of different groups within the organization, the Board’s role in risk oversight, public policy engagement, and 3M’s commitments to environmental, social, and governance (ESG), including sustainability, environmental stewardship, diversity, equity and inclusion, and sound corporate governance.
3M’s Board of Directors oversees the CEO and senior management, and assures that appropriate procedures and controls are in place covering management’s activities in operating the company on ethical grounds on a day-to-day basis.
3M’s Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which provide a framework for the effective governance of the company. The guidelines address matters such as the respective roles and responsibilities of the Board and management, the Board’s leadership structure, the responsibilities of the lead independent director, director independence, the Board membership criteria, Board committees, and Board and management evaluation. The Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing and reviewing the guidelines, at least annually, and recommending any proposed changes to the Board for approval. The Corporate Governance Guidelines, Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the charters of the Board committees, Director Independence Guidelines, and Board of Directors Code of Conduct provide the framework for the governance of the company and are available on our website at www.3M.com, under Investor Relations — Governance.
Corporate governance. 
Our corporate governance enables us to outperform and lead the way to sustainable growth. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 70 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The Board’s current leadership structure is characterized by: • A combined Chairman of the Board and CEO • A strong, independent, and highly experienced lead director with welldefined responsibilities that support the Board’s oversight responsibilities • A robust committee structure consisting entirely of independent directors with oversight of various types of risks • An engaged and independent Board. 
The Board believes that this leadership structure provides independent Board leadership and engagement while deriving the benefits of having our CEO also serve as Chairman of the Board. As the individual with primary responsibility for managing 3M’s dayto-day operations and with in-depth knowledge and understanding of the company, the CEO is best positioned to chair regular Board meetings as the directors discuss key business and strategic issues. Coupled with the lead independent director, this combined structure provides independent oversight while avoiding unnecessary confusion regarding the Board’s oversight responsibilities and the day-to-day management of business operations.
Board’s role in the company’s longterm strategy. 
Each year, management presents to the Board, and the Board discusses and approves detailed long-term strategic plans for the company. In addition to 3M’s overall strategic plan, financial strategic plan, enterprise strategic plans, and priorities, including Enterprise Operations, Sustainability Goals, and ESG metrics, the discussions also focused on breakout sessions with the directors on strategic plans and priorities for each of the four business groups. Our long-term strategy is guided by our Purpose, Promise, and Principles in the pursuit of creating unique and differentiated value for our customers, shareholders, employees, communities, business partners, and other stakeholders.
3M’s Code of Conduct. 
More than a century of operating with uncompromising integrity has earned 3M trust from our customers, credibility with our communities, and dedication from our employees. And for the ninth year in a row, 3M has been recognized by Ethisphere® as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies®.
3M’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors incorporates the longstanding principles of conduct 3M and the Board follow to assure the company’s business and the activities of the Board are conducted with integrity, adherence to the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with the law. Our Code of Conduct applies to all employees, including our CEO, chief financial officer, and chief accounting officer. See the Corporate Code of Conduct section for additional details.
Diversity of the Board. 
For 3M, diversity, in its myriad of manifestations, is fundamental to innovation, performance, and relevancy. The Board of Directors regards diversity as an important factor in selecting nominees to serve on the Board. When selecting nominees, it actively considers diversity in recruitment and nomination of directors, such as gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, and national origin. The current composition of our Board reflects those ongoing efforts and the continued importance of diversity to the Board.
Public policy engagement. 
As a concerned member of our communities, 3M actively participates in public policy and legislative advocacy, or “lobbying.” As appropriate, 3M also may support candidates and political committees in elections. 3M resources may only be used for political or lobbying activities when consistent with 3M’s Code of Conduct Principles and approved in advance by the Political Action Committee Board (for the U.S.), the area Corporate Affairs senior vice president (outside the U.S.), and assigned 3M legal counsel. 3M’s Government Affairs organization coordinates and oversees 3M’s lobbying and political activities.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 71 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M’s approach to taxation 3M is committed to complying with all applicable tax laws, rules, regulations, and reporting and disclosure requirements through the implementation of standardized, simplified, cost-effective, and automated compliance processes. This means paying the right amount of tax in the right place at the right time and involves disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances to the tax authorities and claiming reliefs, incentives, and exemptions in line with and in the spirit of the applicable tax legislation.
In addition, 3M’s tax strategy is consistent with the principles set forth in 3M’s Code of Conduct: • Be Good: obey the law and 3M’s. 
Code of Conduct • Be Honest: act with honesty and integrity • Be Fair: play by the rules, whether working with government, customers, or suppliers • Be Loyal: protect 3M’s interests, assets, and information • Be Accurate: keep complete and accurate business records • Be Respectful: respect one another and our social and physical environment around the world. 
We believe that transparency with respect to the consideration, process, and oversight of our engagement with lawmakers is important to our shareholders, and we continuously make efforts to give our shareholders useful information about our public policy engagement. Since 2007, we have voluntarily published a detailed explanation of the company’s political activities in our Lobbying and Political Activities Principle. Within the Lobbying and Political Activities Governance document, we provide links to the reports the 3M Political Action Committee files monthly with the U.S. Federal Election Commission and the company’s quarterly Lobbying Disclosure reports, as well as a detailed list of our contributions to U.S. state candidates and political parties and contributions to “527” political organizations. We also disclose the trade associations 3M has joined in which $25,000 or more of the dues are allocated for lobbying purposes by the trade association. We believe that these disclosures on our website, which exceed the disclosures required by law, offer transparency regarding the company’s public policy engagement and political activities.
3M approach to risk management and governance arrangements in relation to taxation. 
At the highest level, responsibility for taxes resides with 3M’s Global Tax Department based in 3M’s headquarters in the United States. The senior vice president for tax and real estate reports to 3M’s executive vice president and chief financial and transformation officer and is a member of 3M’s Finance Committee. The Tax Operating Committee, under the leadership and direction of the senior vice president, tax and real estate, has oversight over the material tax matters of 3M’s worldwide business and supply chain.
3M assures the appropriateness of its accounting and tax records on an ongoing basis to enable us to meet our compliance obligations. We document and confirm with the respective country authorities in which we operate. Where required, 3M assures public disclosures are published according to the regulations.
Day-to-day management of 3M’s taxes are delegated to the tax manager responsible for the respective region or country. Processes relating to various taxes are allocated to the relevant process owners responsible for executing tax compliance controls. Appropriate training is carried out for staff who manage or process matters that have tax implications.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 72 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Reporting concerns. 
As with all instances of unethical or unlawful behavior, we encourage our employees to ask questions or report concerns to management, 3M’s Ethics & Compliance Department, 3M legal counsel, 3MEthics.com, their assigned human resources manager, 3M Corporate Audit Department, or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. For information on reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behavior, see the Corporate Code of Conduct section.
Transactions between 3M companies are conducted on an arms-length basis in accordance with appropriate transfer pricing rules. This assures 3M’s profits are taxed where economic activities are performed. Where there are any areas of uncertainty, 3M engages its external professional advisors to provide specialist advice as and when needed.
Attitude of the 3M Company to tax planning 3M engages in tax planning that is aligned with its commercial business activities or supply chain needs and in compliance with tax rules and regulations. 3M may engage in tax planning or other activities potentially perceived as tax planning. We do not engage in artificial tax arrangements that lack economic substance, one of the main purposes of which would be to obtain a tax advantage. We may, however, evaluate potential economic options resulting from business transactions with consideration of tax efficiency.
Level of risk in relation to taxation that 3M Company is prepared to accept. 
Our approach to tax risk follows similar principles that apply to our management of legal, compliance, and other business risks. Our internal framework operates to support compliance with tax laws and regulations to assure we identify, assess, and mitigate tax risks, including consideration of both internal and external stakeholders.
Approach toward engagement with tax authorities. 
We strive to have an open, honest, and collaborative working relationship with tax authorities. 3M assures that specific tax authorities are kept aware of significant transactions and changes in the business and seeks to discuss any tax issues arising at an early stage.
When submitting tax computations and returns to country tax authorities, 3M discloses all relevant facts and identifies any transactions or issues where it considers that there is potential for the tax treatment to be uncertain. We recognize that there could be areas of differing legal interpretations between 3M and tax authorities, and where appropriate, we will engage in proactive discussion to bring matters to as rapid a conclusion as possible.
Any inadvertent errors in the submission of tax returns and tax computations are fully disclosed as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been identified.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 73 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Personal qualities of leadership, character, judgment, and whether the candidate possesses and maintains throughout service on the Board a reputation in the community at large of integrity, trust, respect, competence, and adherence to the highest ethical standards • Relevant knowledge and diversity of background and experience in business, manufacturing, technology, finance and accounting, marketing, international business, government, and other areas. 
Our actions. 
Board membership criteria 3M’s Corporate Governance Guidelines contain Board Membership Criteria that include a list of key skills and characteristics deemed critical to serve 3M’s long-term business strategy and expected to be represented on 3M’s Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews with the Board the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members, given the current Board composition. It is the intent of the Board that the Board itself will be a high-performance organization, creating a competitive advantage for the company.
To perform as such, the Board will be composed of individuals who have distinguished records of leadership and success in their arena of activity and who will make substantial contributions to Board operations and effectively represent the interests of all shareholders. The committee’s and the Board’s assessment of Board candidates includes, but is not limited to, consideration of: • Roles in and contributions valuable to the business community • Whether the candidate is free of conflicts and has the time required for preparation, participation, and attendance at all meetings. 
In addition to these minimum requirements, the committee will also evaluate whether the nominee’s skills are complementary to the existing Board members’ skills and the Board’s needs for particular expertise in certain areas, and they will assess the nominee’s impact on Board dynamics, effectiveness, and diversity of experience and perspectives.
Board refreshment. 
We regularly add directors to infuse new ideas and fresh perspectives into the boardroom. Five out of the 10 independent director nominees standing for this year’s election have joined our Board within the past five years, including all four women directors. In recruiting directors, we focus on how the experience and skill set of each individual complement those of their fellow directors to create a balanced Board with diverse viewpoints and backgrounds, deep expertise, and strong leadership experience.
Shareholder engagement. 
Shareholder engagement is fundamental to our commitment to good governance and essential to maintaining our strong corporate governance practices. We engage regularly with our global investors to gain valuable insights into the governance issues about which they care most. We aim to seek a collaborative and mutually beneficial approach to issues of importance to investors that affect our business, and to assure that our corporate governance practices remain industryleading from their perspectives.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 74 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


During 2021, members of senior management, together with two of our independent directors (our lead independent director and chair of our Compensation and Talent Committee), met with a crosssection of shareholders owning approximately 30% of our outstanding shares or approximately 44% of our institutional shareholders. Topics discussed included Board/corporate governance (culture, composition, diversity, refreshment, orientation, evaluation, cybersecurity, ESG, litigation and regulatory risk oversight, executive compensation, board interactions with management, and broader organization); supply chain (challenges, strategy, lessons learned); and environmental, social, and sustainability (carbon/ water stewardship goals, plastic reduction, investments, pathway to achieve goals, PFAS management, opportunities to help customers with sustainability, diversity, and inclusion). Investors provided valuable comments and perspectives on the company’s governance practices, including the Board’s culture and overall diversity, director refreshment, evolving Board committee composition, the Board’s risk oversight, and the company’s actions in managing supply chain challenges and investing in environmental stewardship, social justice, and sustainability. The feedback from these meetings was shared with the Board of Directors and helped inform the Board on corporate governance practices and trends.
Director independence. 
The Board believes in having a substantial majority of independent directors on the 3M Board. The Corporate Governance Guidelines and Director Independence Guidelines provide that a director is “independent” if the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with 3M directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company and otherwise meets the requirements for independence of the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. The independent directors will make the Board decisions on corporate governance matters.
The guidelines specify the criteria by which the independence of our directors will be determined, including strict guidelines for directors and their immediate family members with respect to past employment or affiliation with 3M or its independent registered public accounting firm. The guidelines also prohibit Audit Committee and Compensation and Talent Committee members from having any direct or indirect financial relationship with the company and restrict both commercial and not-forprofit relationships of all directors with 3M. Directors may not be given personal loans or extensions of credit by the company, and all directors are required to deal at arm’s length with 3M and its subsidiaries and to disclose any circumstance that might be perceived as a conflict of interest.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 75 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Group Function. 
Board of Directors • Receives regular sustainability updates at Board meetings • Reviews sustainability-related risks as part of 3M’s enterprise risk program. 
Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors • Provides primary oversight of 3M’s sustainability and stewardship activities • Reviews 3M’s sustainability policies and program to identify and analyze significant sustainability, materials vulnerability, and geopolitical issues that may impact 3M’s overall business strategy, global business continuity, and financial results • Provides leadership, oversight, and strategy to encourage and ensure sustainability opportunities are recognized • Develops and monitors adherence with strong sustainability-related policies and procedures • Includes 3M’s CEO, CFO, CTO &
EVP Environmental Responsibility, Group President Enterprise Operations, EVP & Chief HR Officer, EVP & Chief Legal Affairs Officer, SVP & Chief Strategy Officer, and EVP Country Governance & Services. 
Chief Sustainability Officer • Leads 3M’s sustainability activities • Reports to the Environmental. 
Responsibility and Sustainability Committee and other internal and external groups. 
Sustainability leaders in businesses, areas, and enterprise-wide • Drives Strategic Sustainability. 
Framework priorities and initiatives consistent with the scope of their role • Leads customer relationships to solve shared global challenges. 
For more than 45 years, 3M has been recognized as a leader among global corporations in sustainability actions and measures, with programs dating back as early as 1975. Since then and to this day, our goals and ambitions continue to grow and gain momentum as we recognize how much still needs to be done to make the world more sustainable for future generations. Our sustainability strategy is a systemic approach, seeking to drive innovation and holistic impact against shared global needs. We set impactful and measurable goals that demonstrate our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) commitments and progress. As a global science, technology, and manufacturing company, we believe 3M is uniquely positioned to bring our full capabilities to advance meaningful impact, not only in our workplaces but also in our communities. As we advance our initiatives with determination, we know systemic change requires resources and long-term dedication.
Governance actions. 
During 2021, the Board of Directors held nine meetings. Overall attendance at Board and committee meetings was 98%.
Commitment to sustainability. 
We are guided by the principles of sound science and corporate responsibility. We believe in an equitable and inclusive world, so we think, work, and act to drive meaningful change that endures. Together, we commit to creating a more sustainable world for future generations.
In collaboration with our employees, customers, partners, government, and communities, we apply our expertise and technology to help solve shared global challenges. We recognize and consistently seek opportunities to do more. It is our ambition to meet the increasing expectations of our customers, employees, investors, and stakeholders — and to grow our business — by continuing to make bold sustainability commitments and taking stronger actions.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 76 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Environmental Responsibility and Sustainability Committee


Our robust governance framework includes oversight by our Board of Directors, which receives regular sustainability updates and reviews related risks as part of 3M’s enterprise risk management. The Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors has primary oversight responsibility of 3M’s sustainability and stewardship activities, including, among others, environmental and product stewardship efforts, environmental, health and safety, and legal and regulatory compliance. The company’s Environmental Responsibility and Sustainability Committee, comprising 3M top executive management, provides leadership, oversight, and strategy for sustainability, and develops and monitors adherence with related policies and procedures.
We report on these efforts annually in our Global Impact Report. As a global corporation contributing to society through diverse markets, we believe that we have a significant responsibility to advance the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals across the world. We are also a participant of the United Nations Global Compact, a policy initiative for businesses to demonstrate their commitment to ten principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. We align our Global Impact Report to the guidelines of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Task Force on ClimateRelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations for helping businesses disclose climate-related financial information. Together with our ambition of improving lives and our strong set of 3M values, these commitments drive and inform our formalized approach to sustainability — the 3M Strategic Sustainability Framework.
Our commitment to sustainability encompasses stewardship of water discharges, air emissions, and physical waste to minimize our manufacturing processes’ environmental impact, including active management of PFAS (per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances). In these efforts, 3M is committed to working with communities, elected officials, regulators, and scientists to continue to be a good neighbor.
For more information, see Innovating boldly for our enterprise, customers, and communities.
3M is a pay-for-performance company. Beginning in 2022, a new ESG modifier has been added to the formula used to calculate the annual incentive compensation earned by the company’s senior executives. Amounts earned by them will be increased 10% of target, decreased 10% of target, or left unchanged based on the Compensation and Talent Committee’s assessment of 3M’s performance against a set of objective ESG metrics. For more information, see “2022 changes to our incentive compensation program — 2022 annual incentive compensation program” on page 69 of 3M’s 2022 Proxy Statement.
Through engagement with our Board of Directors, executive leadership team, and business units, our work across 3M’s Strategic Sustainability Framework is advancing progress toward our Sustainability Goals. Additional information can be found in our 2022 Proxy Statement, Commitment to Sustainability.
Governance links. 
For more information on corporate governance at 3M, see: • Corporate Officers • Board of Directors • Committee Composition • Governance Documents • Annual Reports & Proxy. 
Statements. 
Looking forward. 
We regularly post governance news, events, and presentation information in the Investor Relations section of our website. See 3M Events & presentations.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 77 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
The concept of risk appetite and tolerance is an essential component of our strategic planning, and it is the responsibility of our senior business leaders to plan accordingly. We firmly believe that good corporate governance practices serve the longterm interests of our stockholders, strengthen 3M’s Board of Directors and management, and further enhance the public trust 3M has earned from more than a century of operating with unwavering integrity and doing business the right way. Governance includes broad risk oversight by the Board and its committees. Risk analysis is reported to the full Board by both the general auditor and the chief ethics & compliance officer. The general auditor and the chief ethics & compliance officer are senior vice president positions appointed by, and reporting to, the Audit Committee of the Board.
Risk oversight. 
The Board has delegated primary responsibility for the oversight of risks facing the company to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee Charter states that the committee will “discuss policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management, the company’s major risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate such exposures.” The senior vice president and general auditor, Corporate Auditing, whose appointment and performance is reviewed and evaluated by the Audit Committee, is responsible for leading the formal risk assessment and management process within the company. The general auditor, consulting with the company’s senior management, annually assesses the major risks facing the company and works with those executives responsible for managing each specific risk to develop appropriate mitigation plans. The general auditor periodically reviews with the Audit Committee the major risks facing the company and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate those risks.
Enterprise risk Understanding, assessing, and planning for risk. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 78 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Keeping our people and communities safe, supporting the fight against the pandemic, and assuring business continuity remained our top priorities. 
While the Board’s oversight of risk is primarily performed by the Audit Committee, the Board has also delegated to other committees the oversight of risks within their areas of responsibility and expertise. We believe this governance of risks by Board committees, who share information with the full Board, is appropriate for a diversified technology and manufacturing company like 3M. 3M’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A outlines risk factors applicable to the company. In addition, 3M’s Proxy Statement provides details on Board oversight committees and members.
Our efforts toward helping to keep our people and communities safe included evaluating approaches and processes to support a return to office based on the latest science and evolving employee health and safety guidance.
To help support the fight against the pandemic and assure business continuity, we directed our attention to actively managing inefficiencies in the global supply chain, avoiding disruptions, and navigating widespread raw materials and logistics challenges — all with a relentless focus on customer service.
1:1 risk management meetings. 
In 2021, the senior vice president and general auditor met individually with each independent 3M Board member and each COC member to discuss risk management in general, as well as specific risk-related topics facing the company. These meetings provided the COC and Board members the opportunity to share what risk issues were top of mind for them and which should be reviewed and addressed by management with oversight by the Board.
To assure long-term success, we are committed to discovering and preparing for all potential threats to our ability to deliver on our Promise for our customers. Risk owners familiar with the environmental, economic, and business aspects within the company are interviewed and requested to complete a thorough assessment for their respective risk(s). Together with subject-matter experts and senior management, the outcomes are mapped to demonstrate the relative level of risk and likelihood of risk. This “heat map” identifies the highest-risk areas and shows where to focus our internal efforts. In addition, external resources and data are continually reviewed to assist in the risk identification process. The results of our various risk assessment exercises are shared with the Corporate Operating Committee (COC) and the company’s full Board of Directors.
Proactivity in the COVID-19 pandemic 3M places particular emphasis on protecting our company against emerging risks in an ever-changing world. The ongoing and potential impacts of the pandemic continued to be a core focus in 2021. Keeping our people and communities safe, supporting the fight against the pandemic, and assuring business continuity remained our top priorities.
Our actions. 
Corporate-level 3M’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) initiative, launched in 2001, has helped assure adequate recognition and ownership of the most significant potential risks to the company’s shareholder value, using a process that proactively identifies and communicates enterprise risks within the company. This includes confirming that appropriate plans and oversight exist for all major risks, providing for ongoing review and assessment of risk, and aiding in generating awareness and engagement of general risk matters throughout the company. The approach provides a customized capability that leverages 3M’s comprehensive, experience-based global knowledge and capabilities while also considering tools often used in financial or insurance-oriented businesses.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 79 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Although we hope to never use them, it’s critically important [these plans] are in place and current. 
In addition to conducting EHS risk analysis, each manufacturing site, distribution center, and administrative site has a business resilience plan in place that includes EHS, security, IT continuity, business continuity, and medical response plans. Local incident management teams use these plans to prepare, respond, and recover from various incidents. Although we hope to never use them, it’s critically important they are in place and current, and that employees understand what to do should an emergency occur. All plans are prepared in accordance with standard practices, approval of management, and regular audits or assessments. Scenario exercises are conducted periodically at sites to evaluate the effectiveness of the plans. These plans are accessible to 3M’s Global Security Operations Center, which helps guide notification and communication processes.
Business group planning 3M serves our customers through our four business groups. Annually, leadership from each business group presents to the Board, and the Board discusses and approves detailed longterm strategic plans for the company. Each presentation includes the following: an overview of the business group, short- and long-term financial performance and goals, an assessment of portfolio growth opportunities, and strategic priorities.
Site-level planning. 
Our Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) management system looks carefully at each 3M site and new acquisition and performs a risk assessment that considers factors such as potential impact to the environment, the community, and 3M employees. Each site is ultimately ranked based on the risk it poses to the company, and necessary steps are taken to minimize potential risks. We also place particular focus on bringing acquisitions into alignment with 3M’s protocols, standards, and training.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 80 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward 3M will explore new and innovative ways to account for and adapt to the increasing speed at which different enterprise risks may evolve and impact our organization at every level. Our priority is the comprehensive management of enterprise risks through an ethical tone, governance processes, and clear roles, responsibilities, and accountability.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 81 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
The Code of Conduct positions 3M for long-term growth and binds us together as 3M employees — across business groups and across geographies. Great companies are built on trust — from their customers, shareholders, employees, and communities. We’ve earned that trust and a reputation for integrity over many decades, and no one at 3M is free to compromise it.
We have one Code of Conduct that applies to our 94,700 employees in over 70 countries globally. Our Code of Conduct summarizes 3M’s compliance principles and raises awareness about how to do business the right way, at all times and at every site. The Code of Conduct is our guide, answering questions and providing direction when the right choice may not be clear.
3M’s Code of Conduct defines the expectations for how we work: • Be Good • Be Honest • Be Fair • Be Loyal • Be Accurate • Be Respectful 3M employees, including all supervisors, managers, and other leaders, are responsible for knowing and following the ethical, legal, and policy requirements that apply to their jobs and for reporting any suspected violations of law or the Code of Conduct. Leaders are accountable for creating an inclusive workplace environment that encourages asking questions and raising concerns. The Code of Conduct is available in 25 languages and sets clear expectations not only for employees but also for relevant stakeholders and business partners.
Corporate Code of Conduct Keeping ethics and compliance front and center 94,700 employees in over 70 countries globally. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 82 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Risk-based due diligence on business partners, potential acquisitions, equity investments, and candidates for hiring and promoting • Investigation expertise • Incentives and discipline to address compliance successes and failures. 
The program consists of: • A core set of business conduct principles • Education and training • Periodic evaluations, audits, risk assessment, and procedures to measure and assess the compliance program’s effectiveness • A 24-hour global helpline and website through which employees, customers, vendors, and other external parties can report concerns and ask questions (anonymously in most countries)
Global compliance program 3M’s global compliance program is managed and administered by the Ethics & Compliance Department, led by the senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer. The department is staffed with compliance professionals stationed around the world. The senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer reports directly to the Audit Committee of the 3M Board of Directors. The Audit Committee assists the Board in overseeing 3M’s legal and regulatory compliance efforts. This direct reporting line assures the independence of the Ethics & Compliance Department, which is responsible for overseeing and administering strategic, systemic, and operational components of 3M’s compliance program. The compliance program is designed to meet the U.S. Federal Sentencing Guidelines and as designed, meets similar global standards and requirements of other countries’ antibribery laws.
Business Conduct Committee. 
The 3M Business Conduct Committee is comprised of several senior executives and is chaired by 3M’s senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer. This committee oversees 3M’s compliance efforts to assure that 3M has an effective and world-class compliance program — one that is agile and anticipates changes in the external landscape and internal business strategy. The Business Conduct Committee annually, or as needed, updates the Audit Committee of the 3M Board of Directors and 3M’s executive-level Corporate Operating Committee. Additionally, similar committees exist at country, regional, and area levels to operationalize and prioritize compliance activities.
global helpline and website 24-hour. 
The program includes a. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 83 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Examples of recent training modules include: • Ensuring Data Privacy:
Global Edition • Effective Business Communications • Preventing Bribery and Corruption • Business Courtesies • Confidential Information and Computer Security • Preventing Workplace Harassment • 3M Code of Conduct and. 
Ethical Decision-Making • Identifying and Navigating. 
Conflicts of Interest. 
The Ethics & Compliance website on 3M’s intranet offers additional on-demand online training courses. In addition to offering online training, the Ethics & Compliance Department — in close collaboration with 3M Legal Affairs, local compliance partners, finance, and human resources — provides frequent, tailored, in-person training to businesses, subsidiaries, staff groups, and third parties. Some of this training occurs as part of an annual schedule, while other training occurs as requested or when deemed appropriate.
Compliance training and education 3M offers a comprehensive online compliance training program to employees worldwide. The program’s training modules are assigned to employees based on their role and area of responsibility within the company. Most courses are mandatory for approximately 50,000 global employees. Each course starts by identifying the employee’s level of knowledge through a series of introductory questions. Throughout the course, the employee is presented with scenario-based questions tailored to their knowledge level. The employee must demonstrate proficiency on the presented topic to complete the course.
An annual training plan is established each year based on an assessment of internal and external factors to prioritize topics and timing of deployment. Online courses are offered in 22 languages.
global employees 50,000. 
Most courses are mandatory for approximately. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 84 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The Ethics & Compliance Department maintains the investigation case management system and reports metrics from a broad range of 3M functions that conduct investigations. This provides a more complete view of the frequency and type of concerns reported globally and better reflects the healthy “Speak Up” culture that exists within 3M. This data is used to prioritize resources and focus strategies.
3MEthics.com is a 24-hour confidential and anonymous (where permitted by local law) helpline and online reporting system. It is managed by a third-party vendor and is available to 3M employees and others internally and externally. The system does not trace phone calls or use caller identification, nor does it generate or maintain internal connection logs containing internet protocol (IP) addresses. Web-based reports are made through a secure internet portal that does not trace or show user screen names.
The Ethics & Compliance Department has the responsibility to review every business conduct concern that is reported. After review, the department determines which reports require an investigation. If an investigation is needed, an appropriate investigative resource is assigned. For concerns that are substantiated, disciplinary actions may be taken. Discipline comes in many forms consistent with similar past violations, from warnings to suspensions to termination. Disciplinary actions may impact one or more persons associated with a single substantiated violation. The 3M global allegations and disciplinary action graph illustrates business conductrelated reports raised in 2019, 2020, and 2021, using 3MEthics.com.
Reporting concerns: “Speak Up”
Upholding 3M’s Code of Conduct is the responsibility of everyone acting on 3M’s behalf. We encourage our employees to ask questions or report concerns to management, 3M’s Ethics & Compliance Department, 3M legal counsel, 3MEthics.com, their assigned human resources manager, 3M Corporate Audit Department, or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our strong ethical culture requires and empowers employees to make the right choices every day. 3M makes it clear that speaking up is the right thing to do. We know our employees care about the company and want to do the right thing.
On a quarterly basis, the Ethics & Compliance Department recognizes 3M employees around the globe who have gone above and beyond to bring the 3M Code of Conduct to life in the work they do and the decisions they make. Recipients of the Living the Code Award receive a letter from our senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer.
400 200 600 1,200 1,000 1,400 1,600 1,800 800 0. 
Disciplinary actions 2020 2021. 
Substantiated allegations 2019. 
Allegations reported 3M global allegations and disciplinary actions. 
Total number1 1 Data in the present chart may differ from previous reports as case management progresses.
confidential and anonymous helpline 24-hour 3MEthics.com is a. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 85 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M encourages all employees to speak up to raise a concern or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct. 
The team aims to interview at least 10% of nonproduction employees. Subsidiaries and operating units are selected for an evaluation using objective and subjective risk factors. Our evaluation planning and site selection process leverages data to prioritize countries and operations for review. A “local evaluation” process is used to address site-specific risk with more agility and speed.
Local evaluations provide a more focused scope than our standard deep-dive evaluation and can be organized and completed with fewer resources in less time while continuing to meet the requirements of the Ethics & Compliance Department.
Our evaluation process continues to evolve. In 2021, the assessment of compliance culture continued to focus on “tone in the middle” as well as “tone at the top.” Middle managers and supervisors are critical in setting the tone for their teams. Evaluation interviews delve into understanding this and identifying opportunities for improvement.
Not only do reviews, evaluations, and risk assessments help detect opportunities for improvement and gaps in processes or procedures, they also reinforce the importance of operating in an ethical, compliant manner.
3M’s non-retaliation process 3M prohibits retaliation against anyone who raises a business conduct concern in good faith or cooperates in a company investigation. To monitor this risk, a compliance investigator contacts the reporter several times after an investigation closes to discuss if the person has experienced any form of retaliation. This is done either by phone or via email for known reporters. For anonymous reporters who used 3MEthics.com to raise a concern, the follow-up is handled through 3MEthics.com to maintain anonymity. If the reporter expresses concern that they are being retaliated against, the investigations team will initiate a separate investigation or take other action to assure the concerned party is protected. 3M takes a strong position against retaliation, which is reflected in the Non-Retaliation Policy and within 3M’s Employee Obligations and Reporting Principle.
Assessments 3M’s Ethics & Compliance Department conducts periodic compliance and anti-bribery evaluations in various 3M subsidiaries and operating units each year. An evaluation includes a review of financial transactions that transfer value to third parties, compliance records, interviews with a crosssection of employees of the entity being evaluated, and discussions with selected business partners.
The “Speak Up” poster that encompasses many of our most frequently used languages continues to be widely used globally.
直言不諱!
Speak up! 3M Ethics & Compliance. 
Be 3M. 
Speak up. Ask a question. Raise a concern.
Go to 3MEthics.com. 
ROZMAWIAJ Z NAMI!
Sprechen Sie mit uns. 
Spregovori. 
NGRIJE ZËRIN. 
Progovori Говори открыто Parla apertamente ¡ HAZLO SABER!
Exprimez-vous อย่าละเลยไม่รายงานพฤติกรรมผิดจรรยาบรรณ
Pozovite ΜΙΛΗΣΤΕ ΑΝΟΙΧΤΑ 非倫理的な行動 - 報告する義務があります。
Vorbeste. 
Fale!
Tala ut! Высказывайте сомнения! Çekinme Söyle! 直言不讳!
Hãy lên tiếng!
Ungkapkan! 솔직하게 말하기!
Prehovorte!
Suarakan Kecurigaan!
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 86 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


“ Our commitment to unwavering integrity in all that we do is clear and stems from the top of our organization.”
Commitment to anti-corruption. 
As a participant in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), 3M is committed to supporting all Principles, including Principle 10 on Anti-Corruption. Our commitment and involvement with the UNGC and our community of peer companies provides us with the opportunity to collaborate and share best practices related to work against corruption in all its forms. Additionally, the compliance professionals on our team regularly participate, present, and are members of organizations and associations working to improve compliance controls and reduce legal risk.
3M’s Code of Conduct requires compliance with all applicable anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, Brazil’s Clean Company Act, and local laws where 3M operates. It applies to 3M employees as well as to our business partners. In addition, 3M’s AntiBribery Principle and anti-bribery policies and procedures have been communicated to all employees. Our Avoiding Bribery and Corruption training is required of most nonproduction employees, specifically employees in higher-risk roles, including those in legal, audit, sales, marketing, export, and global trading. The senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer provides quarterly updates on compliance activities to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the 3M Business Conduct Committee.
3M’s commitment to anti-corruption is also reflected in our management of third-party intermediaries and other business partners. 3M conducts due-diligence reviews of our third parties based on an assessment of risk factors, including transaction size, type of relationship, government interactions, and geography. Depending on the outcome of the review, we respond to any identified risks with specific actions, such as training, the inclusion of relevant contractual terms, and other riskmitigating controls. 3M may end a relationship with a business partner if the risk presented is determined to be too high and cannot be appropriately mitigated.
Further, the Ethics & Compliance Department collaborates with 3M Legal Affairs on due-diligence processes related to potential equity investments and mergers and acquisitions. These processes help identify risks in the target company before an acquisition or investment is initiated and accelerate our efforts to integrate an acquired company’s employees into 3M’s compliance program and culture. Ultimately, the Ethics & Compliance Department is charged with conducting a risk review and implementing any necessary remediation activities upon the closing of every acquisition.
Raising third-party awareness of 3M ethics and compliance expectations. 
To enhance our communications with and expectations of third parties, 3M has an online training course and a brochure for our business partners, available in 30 languages. The brochure provides another way for 3M to communicate with our business partners regarding our commitment to combat global bribery. Michael Duran, 3M senior vice president and chief ethics & compliance officer, has said, “Our commitment to unwavering integrity in all that we do is clear and stems from the top of our organization. It has been the foundation of the company for more than a century. At 3M, we know there is only one way to do business — the right way. I am proud to work for a company that puts ethics and compliance at the forefront of everything we do.”
Michael Duran Senior Vice President and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 87 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
Global Ethics & Compliance Week. 
Again in 2021, all over the world, we held Ethics & Compliance Week events to further build employee engagement around the Code of Conduct and doing business the right way. These events engaged employees in business divisions and corporate functions across all levels of seniority in discussions and presentations related to our culture of compliance. On October 13, 2021, the global corporate Ethics & Compliance Day was held virtually and showcased senior leaders from around the world discussing “Unwavering Integrity: Make a difference. Do your part. Speak up.” To creatively engage employees, we held a video contest leading up to the event, which culminated with more than 30,000 views in our internal social networking platform, one of the highest for the year. Employees were encouraged to post a video of themselves talking about what unwavering integrity means to them. The contest concluded with more than 60 videos being submitted by employees from all around the world. The top three winners of the contest were announced during our global corporate Ethics & Compliance Day event.
The event featured our Chairman and CEO Mike Roman as well as company leaders from around the globe who shared their personal experiences with compliance and ethics and how they encourage employees to speak up without fear of retaliation. We also highlighted an employee’s personal story about speaking up and how she felt protected by 3M through every step of the process. The event included games and prizes as well.
Additionally, we featured various videos created to highlight certain parts of our program. For example, we started the week featuring global members of our Ethics & Compliance Department talking about what unwavering integrity means to them. We also created a video to highlight the investigation process from beginning to end. Employees and leadership shared personal stories about their experience with the speak up process, and we ended the week with a highlights video.
A post-event survey confirmed that employees appreciated the global nature of the event and the leadership stories. Approximately 80% of the respondents said they were more confident to speak up after the event.
80% of the respondents said they were more confident to speak up after the event. 
Approximately. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 88 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We used inputs and data to react with agility to reach broad employee audiences around the world. 
Communications to support our employees, leaders, and middle management. 
In 2021, we continued our efforts to engage senior leaders, middle management, and employees utilizing many tactics — from leadership emails and supervisor toolkits to employee videos. We used inputs and data to react with agility to reach broad employee audiences around the world. We enhanced our messaging to senior leaders by reminding them that their communications should be balanced and include reminders that we expect business to be done the right way. We also leveraged more communication tactics to reach our production employees, including our 3M employee magazine as well as meetings with site leadership.
Transparency was central to our communications this year. We continued to publish case studies, which anonymize real-life situations of employees facing ethical work dilemmas. In addition, we published hotline metrics for our employees, providing visibility to the number of concerns raised at 3M and disciplinary outcomes.
Mid-year we launched a new communication campaign, “Unwavering Integrity,” based on emerging trends, including speak up metrics. The campaign, also highlighted in the Ethics & Compliance Week events, encouraged employees to speak up and tell someone if they witnessed or became aware of ethical wrongdoing. We also featured impactful spoken word videos and presentations for senior management to share with their teams and cascade through the organization. Additionally, we leveraged internal social networking platform messaging to improve employee awareness of the speak up process.
We highlighted our “tone at the top” with senior leadership videos that supported our Ethics & Compliance programs and messaging, and reminded employees of the power of their voice in the speak up process.
Data analysis and metrics. 
The Ethics & Compliance Department continued to make strides in data science. We created enhanced metrics dashboards for analyzing emerging issues across different employee populations (e.g., seniority, tenure, location, etc.) New dashboards were created for third-party due diligence and gifts, entertainment, and meals management. We used metrics to monitor our evaluations and investigations. As we continue to function in a remote environment, the insights from this monitoring allow us to maintain the quality of our processes.
In 2021, the Ethics & Compliance Department leveraged data analytics to enhance our risk assessment process by combining metrics with the corporate audit team and creating a data model that looks at our geographies and businesses. The output of this process informs our priorities for reviews.
This year, we again implemented an ethical culture survey for 3M sales and marketing professionals. Through analyzing the survey results, we were able to correlate the frequency of manager-employee engagement about ethics and compliance with other measures, including the willingness of employees to speak up as well employees’ perceptions of leaders as ethical role models. In addition, we identified trends that were unique to certain geographies. Based on the survey findings, we launched an extensive communications campaign to address these concerns to both managers and employees throughout the year.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 89 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Training enhancements. 
In 2021, our online adaptive learning training platform continued to be wellreceived by employees. Leveraging data from our training platform, the Ethics & Compliance Department was able to identify additional educational needs through data analysis. Recognizing that people have different learning styles, the Ethics & Compliance Department identified and launched two new video series to engage learners with fresh content. A six-part series was rolled out to help viewers navigate complex ethics and compliance risk topics by watching the trials and tribulations of a likable ex-con re-entering the workforce. Episodes were posted on the 3M intranet through the year to engage employees and deliver compliancerelated messages in a unique format.
We also leveraged innovative videos designed to communicate compliance messages on bystander intervention and conflicts of interest in a lasting, powerful way. These are emotionally charged spoken-word videos with custom music, creating memorable learning experiences for employees.
The system provides a single, global process to drive clarity of requirements, accountability, and visibility to interactions. 
We continued to leverage training data, including performance scores and post-course survey inputs to inform future training needs. The completion rate of our online training is the highest it has been historically.
In 2021, we also implemented the use of new job aids, checklists, and infographics to present priority compliance topics in concise, easy-to-read, and practical formats. Topics included code obligations, retaliation, conflicts of interest, and business courtesies.
Platform enhancements. 
In March 2021, the Ethics & Compliance Department introduced a centralized global system that automates the end-to-end process for pre-approving and documenting the offering and receiving of gifts, entertainment, meals, sponsorships, and charitable contributions. The system provides a single, global process to drive clarity of requirements, accountability, and visibility to interactions. 3M tracks the offering and receipt of gifts and entertainment from third parties that exceed a specific value threshold including those presenting heightened risk (government officials and health care professionals). The tool is available in 12 languages.
Aligned with this launch, 3M’s policies for gifts, entertainment, meals, sponsorships, and charitable contributions were revised and simplified. The launch of the global system minimizes the need for many local specific policies and allows 3M employees around the globe to leverage the same platform and processes. It brings greater controls and visibility to this line of activity.
The Ethics & Compliance Department continued to enhance our third-party due-diligence platform by piloting a refreshed and enhanced monitoring program. This program will permit enhanced ongoing visibility to any risk indicators of our business partners.
The completion rate of our online training is the highest it has been historically. 
Finally, we enhanced our policy management platform, increasing ease of use and giving the platform a refreshed look and feel.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 90 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In 2022, ethics and compliance will remain at the core of what we do for our employees, customers, communities, and shareholders. The Ethics & Compliance Department will optimize opportunities to continually improve our program and platforms, engaging with employees through new and different modalities. We will seek to enhance our third-party risk controls through improved and streamlined processes to address new and emerging risk models. We will build upon our Unwavering Integrity campaign and equip employees with guidance, information, and tools to do business the right way and manage third-party risk through integrated user-friendly platforms.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 91 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
Our Human Rights Policy applies to all 3M employees, contingent and contracted workers, candidates for hire at 3M, anyone doing business with or on behalf of 3M, and others acting on 3M’s behalf. In 2014, we became a United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) participant, committing to align our operations and strategies with the UNGC principles on business and human rights. We support its “protect, respect, and remedy” framework and its principles of due diligence. Furthermore, the 3M Code of Conduct and its underlying principles require compliance with all applicable laws and also require respect for internationally recognized human rights in all global operations.
We also recognize the International Labor Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. Adopted in 1998, the declaration commits member states to respect and promote principles and rights in four categories, whether or not they have ratified the relevant conventions: freedom of association and elimination of discrimination in employment and occupation, the right to collective bargaining, the elimination of forced or compulsory labor, and the abolition of child labor.
Guided by deeply engrained principles in our culture. 
Respect for human rights is deeply engrained in our culture. Within our own business, 3M’s approach to managing and assuring human rights is derived from the 3M Code of Conduct, which recognizes the right of 3M workers to a respectful workplace. We continue to implement our human rights program through our global policies, management system, assessments, audits, training, and, ultimately, our metrics tracking. Our audit process provides us with a global perspective over all of our sites and our supply chain.
Human rights We do business one way: the right way. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 92 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M’s Respectful Workplace Principle states that “everyone is entitled to respectful treatment in the 3M workplace. Being respectful means being treated honestly and professionally, with each person’s unique talents, background, and perspectives valued. A respectful workplace is free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, but it involves more than compliance with the law. It is a work environment that is free of inappropriate or unprofessional behavior and consistent with 3M’s ethics and values — a place where everyone can do their best, and where people are free to report workplace concerns without fear of retaliation or reprisal.”
Working hours and wages 3M complies with minimum wage legislation globally, and we endeavor to exceed the legal minimum wage. Our competitive compensation reflects our practice of establishing competitive salary ranges based on actual pay data from benchmark peer companies in manufacturing. Additional information on wages can be found in the Compensation section.
To learn more about benefits and our Work Your Way model for nonproduction employees, see our Employee programs section. Learn more about our pay equity policies and actions in our Diversity, equity, and inclusion section and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
Human rights elements brought to life. 
Our commitment to upholding human and workplace rights is embodied in the 3M Human Resource (HR) Principles, which have remained consistent for over a century and apply to all of our employees globally: • We respect the dignity and worth of all individuals • We encourage the initiative of each employee • We challenge individual capabilities • We provide equal opportunity for development. 
A respectful workplace. 
Our Code of Conduct lays out what it means to be a 3M employee and includes a section, “Be Respectful,” which addresses how we respect one another and our social and physical environment around the world. We strive to have a work environment where people treat each other with respect and conduct business activities in a manner that protects health, safety, and the environment.
“ ...everyone is entitled to respectful treatment in the 3M workplace.”
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 93 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


25% of 3M’s employees are either represented by a collective labor organization or covered by a labor agreement. 
Approximately. 
Forced and compulsory labor 3M complies with all applicable laws and employment regulations and does not engage or participate in forced labor. We have those same expectations for all suppliers doing business with us. This commitment is evident in our Human Rights Policy, Modern Slavery Statement, and Supplier Responsibility Code. Additionally, we prohibit imposition of financial burden (withholding wages or imposing fees) on workers, recruiters, or suppliers. 3M has trade compliance experts who monitor trade laws and regulations, including those related to human rights concerns. As we are made aware of potential risks from specific regions or countries, we review our relationships and businesses to determine if any further action is warranted.
Child labor and minimum hiring age 3M is committed to doing our part to help abolish child labor. This commitment is evident in our Human Rights Policy and Modern Slavery Statement. Although the permissible hiring age for employees may vary based on the laws of different countries, 3M has adopted global expectations regarding the hiring of minors. Even if local law permits it, 3M will not hire any employee nor engage a contingent worker (an individual provided by a third-party staffing agency to perform temporary work) below the age of 16 for any job. If the applicable laws impose a higher minimum age requirement than 16, 3M follows the stricter standard in compliance with the law. See our Supplier Responsibility Code for details on supplier requirements.
Modern slavery. 
Modern slavery, as an umbrella term, encompasses several human rights issues, including forced labor, bonded labor, child labor, human trafficking, and slavery-like practices. We have a robust stance against these practices as set out in our Modern Slavery Statement; labor, employment, and business conduct policies; and the 3M Supplier Responsibility Code. These policies reflect our commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships and to implementing effective systems and controls, so this practice does not take place within our organization and supply chains.
Freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining 3M works diligently to create a culture that affords all employees the opportunity to work without fear of intimidation, reprisal, or harassment, in an environment where employees can have their questions and concerns addressed in a fair and timely manner. Promoting a strong relationship with employees is a key priority for all company leaders and is supported by human resources representatives. Human resources professionals work with employees to maintain positive employee relations.
Our Human Rights Policy has a specific subdivision on the freedom of association, which states that we respect “the ability of employees to choose whether or not to join unions and engage in collective bargaining, as permitted by applicable laws in the countries where 3M does business.” In the event of business operations changes, we follow all applicable local laws and regulations regarding consultation and notice periods for both represented and non-represented employees.
Approximately 25% of 3M’s employees are either represented by a collective labor organization or covered by a labor agreement. We are aware that, in some countries, collective bargaining rights are not protected or recognized. Nevertheless, 3M assures employees that freedom of association and collective bargaining aspects of our Human Rights Policy apply to all 3M employees worldwide.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 94 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Roles and responsibilities of information security employees, contingent and contracted workers, and suppliers must be defined and documented in accordance with the 3M Information Security Management System (ISMS). Background checks for suppliers, contingent workers, and candidates for employment must be carried out in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and must be appropriate for the business requirements, classification of the information to be accessed, and the perceived risks. Workers and suppliers in the United States are required to review and acknowledge 3M’s Systems Access Control Standard and other 3M policies and standards.
Management requires 3M employees as well as workers and suppliers to apply security practices in accordance with established policies and procedures. All 3M employees and, where relevant, contingent workers and suppliers, must receive appropriate awareness training and regular updates on organizational policies and procedures, as relevant for their job function.
For more information on workplace security, see the Environmental, health, and safety section.
Human trafficking. 
Our approach to human trafficking is very simple: We do not tolerate it. Our Human Rights Policy details our prohibition of human trafficking. We are committed to using effective systems and controls to prevent human trafficking from taking place anywhere within our business or supply chains. These prohibitions apply to 3M and its subsidiaries as well as to our federal contracts and subcontracts for either commercial or non-commercial items.
Our Supplier Responsibility Code details expectations regarding labor and human resource practices for all our suppliers worldwide. 3M suppliers must comply with all local country labor and human resource laws; cannot use labor that is forced, bonded (including debt bondage), or indentured labor, involuntary or exploitative prison labor, trafficked or slave labor. This includes transporting, harboring, recruiting, transferring, or receiving persons by means of threat, force, coercion, abduction, or fraud for labor or services. Additional information can be found in the Suppliers section.
Security personnel training and procedures. 
With the rise in corporate security breaches worldwide, our internal Human Resource Security Standard provides the controls required to achieve human resource security based on industry standards and best practices.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 95 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights • International Labor Organization’s. 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work • Organisation for Economic Co- operation and Development (OECD) — Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, including OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas • United Nations Convention. 
Against Corruption. 
Our actions. 
Strong support for human rights charters 3M continues to support several external human rights charters. Among them are: • United Nations Global Compact • Universal Declaration of Human Rights • European Convention on Human Rights 3M prohibits retaliation against anyone who, in good faith, asks a question, reports a concern, or participates in a company investigation. This position is reflected in the Non-Retaliation Policy and within 3M’s Employee Obligations and Reporting Principle.
In addition, we conduct audits of site, workplace, and human resource practices, and we conduct assessments and audits of suppliers regarding 3M’s expectations related to labor practices. See the Suppliers section for more details.
Raising, addressing, and resolving workplace concerns. 
When concerns related to human rights, labor practices, environmental, or safety issues arise, our employees and people who interact with 3M are encouraged to raise questions or report misconduct or potential misconduct and can do so anonymously where local law permits. Employees also receive training that the following are mechanisms to report and resolve concerns: • Employee’s management • 3M Human Resources • 3M Legal Affairs • 3M Ethics & Compliance Department • 3MEthics.com (option for anonymity) • 3M Corporate Audit Department • Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
See 3M’s Ethics & Compliance website for more information regarding how to report a concern. Additional information can be found in the Corporate Code of Conduct section.
Segment Salient risk* Action plan to address 3M employees • Nonconformance with the 3M Code of. 
Conduct. 
See Corporate Code of Conduct section for additional details on our actions.
Workers on assignment for 3M • Unsafe working conditions, mistreatment of workers. 
See Workplace Environmental, Health, and Safety Principle.
Suppliers • Nonconformance with 3M Supplier. 
Responsibility Code expectations. 
See Suppliers section for details on our risk-based supplier assessment process.
Government relations • Not adhering to applicable laws, rules, and regulations. 
See Lobbying and Political Activities Principle, Lobbying and Political Activities Governance, and Doing Business with Government Agencies and Contractors Principle for more information.
Acquisitions, mergers, and divestitures • Failing to recognize human rights issues during the acquisition, merger, or divestiture diligence processes. 
Prioritize and address human rights issues relative to risk and compliance; see Human Rights Policy, Respectful Workplace Principle, EHS&PS Acquisitions, Mergers, and Divestitures Standard, and Workplace Environmental, Health, and Safety Principle for more information.
Local communities • Inequitable opportunities to succeed in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM); skilled trades occupations. 
Assess community partnerships where we provide support to underrepresented populations, so they have equal opportunity for success in STEM and skilled trade employment areas; see the Communities section for additional information.
Customers • Failing to produce products that are safe for their intended uses, compliant with applicable laws and regulations, and meet 3M expectations. 
See Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle and Innovation management section for more information.
* Risks as per human rights policy (safe and healthy workplace, respectful workplace, workplace security, work hours and wages, freedom of association, child labor, forced labor, human trafficking, or recruitment fees to obtain employment)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 96 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Within our own business. 
Within 3M, our approach to managing and respecting human rights, including addressing modern slavery, aligns with the 3M Code of Conduct, which recognizes the right of employees to have a respectful workplace. As stated in the Code of Conduct, which is available in 25 languages, all 3M employees are held to the same high standards. If the Code of Conduct sets a higher standard than the law, we are expected to follow the Code of Conduct and do business the 3M Way: always making the right choices for our company and our customers and protecting our reputation in all we do. We are all leaders when it comes to ethics and integrity, and we must meet these important commitments: • Know and follow the guidance set forth in our Code of Conduct • Foster a positive, inclusive work environment and a strong culture of ethics • Complete compliance courses and certifications on time • Report suspected violations of the law or our Code of Conduct unless prohibited to do so by local law • Do not engage in workplace retaliation • Report any known or suspected retaliation • Cooperate with investigations. 
Assessing human rights. 
Our assessment of human rights aligns with our Code of Conduct and policies and includes these points of review: safe and healthy workplace, respectful workplace, workplace security, work hours and wages, freedom of association, child labor, forced labor, human trafficking, and recruitment fees to obtain employment. Evaluations are integrated into other assessment and management processes and are based on material issues regardless of where they’re identified within the value chain.
Based on this assessment process, we have determined that in our various spheres of influence (our own business and in others acting on 3M’s behalf), the sphere with the greatest potential for human rights impact is within our supply chain.
Holistic approach to human rights due diligence. 
The 3M Code of Conduct is part of how we deliver on our promise to our employees, customers, and shareholders and positions 3M for long-term growth. Our Code of Conduct summarizes the guidance provided in 3M’s principles, policies, standards, and procedures, which govern how we do business everywhere, every day. By living our Code, we create an inclusive workplace where each employee contributes to 3M’s purpose. Our success depends on our unwavering integrity. These global corporate expectations apply to all 3M employees and third parties who act on 3M’s behalf.
In our view, human rights due diligence requires a holistic approach. We assess our own business as well as those who are acting on our behalf — in supply roles, government relationships, acquisitions, mergers, and divestitures — to identify the salient human rights issues applicable to our business. We have a grievance mechanism in place, 3MEthics.com, which can be used to raise a concern regarding any adverse human rights impacts. We also comply with all applicable laws and honor the principles of internationally recognized human rights when faced with conflicting requirements.
We are all leaders when it comes to ethics and integrity 3M employees, including all supervisors, managers, and other leaders, are responsible for knowing and following the ethical, legal, and policy requirements that apply to their jobs and for reporting any suspected violations of law or the Code of Conduct. Executives and managers are accountable for creating an inclusive workplace environment that encourages asking questions and raising concerns.
To help protect employees’ rights, our Employee Relations (ER) Assessment tool enables any 3M location globally to assess its policies and practices. Using the tool, and tracking data throughout the assessment process, leaders can review practices related to 3M’s Human Rights Policy, identify strengths and opportunities for improvement, and develop an action plan for closing any potential gaps. Our ER organization audits locations around the globe to assist with adherence to our principles, policies, and procedures.
For additional details on our employee processes, see the Diversity, equity, and inclusion and Employee programs sections.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 97 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Workers on assignment for 3M. 
Upholding 3M’s Code of Conduct is the responsibility of all workers on assignment for 3M. Multiple processes are in place to assure 3M’s principles are being upheld by these parties. A good example is our approach to health and safety.
Under the Workplace Environmental, Health, and Safety Principle, 3M’s Code of Conduct requires 3M employees to select and retain suppliers, contractors, or outsourced manufacturers and service providers who comply with applicable laws and regulations and meet 3M’s environmental, health, and safety values. In addition, at 3M sites, all visitors, suppliers, contingent workers, and contractors are held to the same safety and health requirements as 3M employees.
See the Environmental, health, and safety management section for additional information.
Completion of 3M’s Code of Conduct and Ethical Decision-Making course is compulsory for most new employees and is required for all relevant employees on a two-year cycle. This course includes content on 3M’s Respectful Workplace Principle, 3M’s Global Human Rights Policy, and 3M’s commitment to human rights. This course also provides awareness to employees about 3M’s expectation for reporting all suspected violations of law or 3M Code of Conduct and the different channels available for raising such concerns. 3M employee online courses are offered in 22 languages.
Training for 3M employees on the 3M Supplier Responsibility Code (SRC) processes and tools includes a self-check exercise and final quiz to understand the effectiveness of the training. Training is available online and is updated when there have been significant changes to the SRC, process, or tools. SRC training and information for suppliers reside on the 3M Supplier Direct website. SRC information is sent to suppliers prior to conducting an assessment to assure awareness of expectations — which are also addressed during supplier status review meetings.
Each supervisor must assure that those who report to them complete mandatory compliance training and Code of Conduct certification as required in 3M’s Code of Conduct. See the Corporate Code of Conduct section for more information.
Employees are assigned courses based on their role. An annual training plan is established each year based on an assessment of internal and external factors to prioritize topics and timing of deployment. For example, global employees in 3M’s Strategic Sourcing, Supply Chain, and Legal organizations receive a course titled: Introduction to Eliminating Forced Labor, Slavery, and Human Trafficking from Global Supply Chain.
Assuring human rights through training. 
We provide training globally to assure that 3M employees understand the requirement to comply with the law, 3M’s Code of Conduct, supporting policies, standards, and procedures, including human rights.
In addition to offering online training, the Ethics & Compliance Department — in collaboration with 3M Legal Affairs, local compliance partners, finance, and human resources — provides frequent, tailored training opportunities to businesses, subsidiaries, staff groups, and third parties. Some of this training occurs as part of an annual schedule, and some training occurs as requested or when deemed appropriate.
Employees are assigned courses based on their role. An annual training plan is established each year. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 98 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Additional information can be found in the EHS&PS Acquisitions, Mergers, and Divestitures Standard, and the Environmental, health, and safety management section.
Acquisitions, mergers, and divestitures 3M regularly pursues the sale and purchase of business interests. For each business that may be acquired or divested, human rights issues are prioritized and addressed relative to risk and compliance during the acquisition integration or divestiture process.
Before entering into any government contract or any agreement related to a government customer, 3M employees must consult 3M’s Government Contract Compliance Department or their assigned legal counsel.
Human trafficking and forced labor related provisions are also included in 3M’s government contract flowdown requirements for suppliers. In the United States, the government has adopted a regulation (Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.222-50) prohibiting human trafficking, including slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labor, and coercion to induce a commercial sex act or to procure the same — all of which result in the deprivation of a person’s liberty by another in order to exploit them for personal or commercial gain.
3M has implemented processes to assure compliance with the U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulation, including a Human Trafficking Prevention Standard.
For more information, see the Doing Business with Government Agencies and Contractors Principle.
Our suppliers. 
At 3M, we recognize the choices we make for our material and service providers must also reflect our values. We want our suppliers to share our commitment to maintaining compliant, responsible, safe, and sustainable operations and practices. In addition to compliance with applicable labor and human resource laws, we expect our suppliers to be committed to upholding the human rights of workers and to treating them with dignity and respect as understood by the global community.
This applies to all workers, including temporary, migrant, student, contingent, and employees. These expectations are laid out in the 3M Supplier Responsibility Code and support our goal to drive supply chain sustainability through targeted raw material traceability and supplier performance assurance.
For details on our risk-based supplier assessment process, see the Suppliers section.
Government relations 3M is committed to being a responsible company with unwavering integrity in all dealings with local, state/provincial, and national governments and with their prime contractors and subcontractors around the world.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 99 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our customers. 
We are committed to commercializing and selling products that are safe for their intended uses, compliant with applicable laws and regulations and 3M expectations, and developed with a goal to continuously improve the EHS performance of products and corresponding manufacturing processes.
See our Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle and the Innovation management section for more information.
Partnering with local communities. 
As part of 3M’s promise, we work to help improve lives by solving the world’s greatest challenges. The power is in partnership. As a global corporation, we believe that we have a significant responsibility to society in general and, especially, to the communities in which we live and work.
The success and growth of our business hinges on the success and growth of all of our communities, so we recognize the importance of equal access to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education and careers.
In 2021, 3M began executing on our plan to invest $50 million to advance workforce development and STEM education initiatives as part of our platforms for change. We engaged local government, nonprofit organizations, and the education sector to elevate new voices and perspectives to help address racial opportunity gaps. Learn more about how we are empowering an inclusive culture in 3M and supporting our communities in the Communities and Diversity, equity, and inclusion sections and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report. Details of our approach to stakeholder engagement can be found in the Leading with purpose section.
The success and growth of our business hinges on the success and growth of all of our communities to advance workforce development and STEM education initiatives $50M 3M plans to invest. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 100 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
We are closely monitoring new and changing legislation globally on human rights and will continue to update our Modern Slavery Statement as new requirements are implemented.
In 2022, we will explore new tools to empower our employees to raise human rights concerns in a manner with which they feel the most comfortable. As the pandemic continues to evolve and limit our ability to travel and perform onsite assessments for human rights concerns, we will maintain the same stringent level of assessments by continuing to adapt them to virtual formats. For our suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business, we will strengthen our human rights training courses to help improve their understanding of our expectations.
Our leadership will bring a renewed focus on environmental justice and clarity on how 3M can accelerate our ambitions toward a more equitable world — one where all people have an equal voice in crafting environmental regulation, and no one is disproportionately affected by it. In addition, 3M will continue to drive social justice within our communities and every level of our organization.
For additional details around engaging our communities, see the Communities section.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 101 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
The importance 3M places on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) efforts influences how we provide competitive, market-based pay and comprehensive benefits for our employees. In addition to a professional work environment that promotes innovation and rewards performance, 3M’s total compensation for employees includes a variety of components that support sustainable employment and the ability to build a strong financial future. In an effort to deliver on our goal to achieve and maintain 100% pay equity globally, we leverage an Annual Salary Review (ASR) process that continues to yield strong pay equity results for employees performing the same job in the same location.
Our commitment to ESG in our compensation applies at every level of our business. Executives’ annual performance evaluations take into account their actions on diversity and inclusion matters as well as their contributions toward our environmental and social goals, for those who are in a position to make them. These performance ratings can have a material impact (either positive or negative) on annual incentive compensation payouts, base salary and target total cash compensation adjustments, the target value of future long-term incentive awards, and opportunities for career advancement within 3M.
Performance-based pay 3M is a pay-for-performance company. In addition to earning a base salary, eligible employees are compensated for their contributions to the company’s growth, profitability, and other goals. This compensation falls into two categories: short-term cash incentives and long-term equity incentives in the form of annual restricted stock units (RSUs), stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), and/or performance-based awards.
Compensation Equitable pay and benefits for everyone, everywhere pay equity globally 100%
Our goal is to achieve and maintain. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 102 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our “Unwavering integrity” element specifically calls for us to deepen our dedication to sustainability and to our global communities. Additional information on 3M’s employee development and compensation can be found in the Employee programs section and on 3M.com.
Earning up to your true potential: performance, compensation, and culture. 
Employees have the opportunity to grow through challenging work and are rewarded for their efforts. As a pay-for-performance company, total compensation is impacted by our performance process, called Performance Everyday. Our approach to performance aligns an employee’s development, individual goals, and efforts to advance 3M’s culture with company business objectives and outcomes, creating a win-win situation for both the employee and 3M.
Our culture provides a framework for performance and compensation, but more broadly exemplifies who we are when we are at our best. At 3M, we look to embody these culture elements:
Goals and elements of Board of Directors’ compensation. 
The Nominating and Governance Committee annually reviews the status of the Board’s compensation in relation to other large U.S. companies and is responsible for recommending to the Board changes in compensation for non-employee directors. In developing its recommendations, the committee is guided by the following goals: • Compensation should fairly pay directors for work required in a company of 3M’s size and scope.
• A significant portion of the total compensation should be paid in stock to align directors’ interests with the long-term interests of stockholders. As a best practice, directors are required to hold all annual stock retainers earned after October 1, 2007, until they retire from service on the Board.
• The structure of the compensation should be simple and transparent. Annually, at the request of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Frederic W. Cook & Co., Inc. (“FW Cook”) conducts a survey of director compensation at other large U.S. companies and provides expert advisory support to the committee on the compensation of non-employee directors.
As detailed in the 3M Board of Directors’ Compensation and Talent Committee, all incentive compensation and all aspects of executive compensation are reviewed regularly by the Compensation and Talent Committee, which is comprised solely of independent non-employee directors. The committee, along with its independent compensation consultant, assesses the design of and risks associated with incentive compensation, recommending changes when appropriate. Any recommendations related to compensation for 3M’s CEO are subject to ratification by all of the independent members of the Board of Directors. The Compensation and Talent Committee reviews stakeholder proposals relating to executive compensation matters and recommends to the Board the company’s response to such proposals. 3M executives are also eligible to participate in deferredcompensation plans that enable them to save for retirement or for other reasons, and they receive certain other benefits, such as financial planning services. Approximately 100 executives were eligible for these benefits in 2021, including all of the named executive officers. 3M’s 2022 Notice of Annual Meeting & Proxy Statement provides additional details on the named executive officers’ compensation.
Employees have the opportunity to grow through challenging work and are rewarded for their efforts. 
Customer at our core. 
Innovating boldly. 
Powered by inclusion. 
Winning with agility. 
Unwavering integrity. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 103 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


In 2021, we increased the accessibility and visibility of how competitive the compensation for our nonproduction employees is compared to their Market Reference Point (MRP). With this change, we also increased compensation for all nonproduction employees who were paid below 90% of their MRP.
Delivering on our promise of fair and equitable pay 3M’s industry-leading formula for compensation helps provide equitable pay for employees. We factor in performance accelerators based on the Performance Everyday process. At 3M, the proportion of total rewards aligned with variable (incentive) pay increases with job grade and reflects the job grade’s influence on both short- and long-term results. Eligibility for 3M’s Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) and Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) is based on job grade, considering both the job grade’s ability to influence the period being measured and market competitiveness for these types of compensation. We have used the same annual salary adjustment process since 2012, designed to drive toward an equitable pay result. The 3M Board of Directors’ Compensation and Talent Committee periodically reviews and discusses with management matters relating to internal pay equity.
Our actions. 
Pay based on role, responsibilities, skills, and performance. 
We maintain our focus on our global compensation principles to provide market-competitive, fair, and equitable pay. In our continued journey, we appropriately benchmark compensation of our global sites and use consistent methods to analyze our compensation position against the market. Efforts continued in 2021 to standardize and simplify our methodology around market pricing, utilizing data sources from multiple vendors. As we move forward, we will continue to look for ways to manage this process in an increasingly efficient and consistent manner.
Our global market pricing process allows us to provide marketcompetitive compensation for employees and drives consistency and transparency in compensation practices across regions. Using common job descriptions and grades throughout the world, this global process uses data from multiple surveys to benchmark pay levels and map job grades, which helps drive our principles for fair and equitable pay.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 104 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


To continue driving toward pay equity, we conduct a supplemental analysis of average pay for males and females, and compare the two (i.e., a raw wage gap). We also compare, by location, pay for males and females in all jobs and job grades (e.g., comparing average pay for entry-level male accountants in the U.S. to average pay for entry-level female accountants in the U.S) and assess any disparity. We do the same analysis in the U.S. for minorities aggregated as a group versus non-minorities. An analysis comparing national average raw pay gap data between men and women to 3M’s compensation data showed our raw pay differences are below external benchmarks. The pay gap by gender across all 80 countries where 3M has employees is 0.27% when we consider grade, location, and job code. When analyzing the gender wage gap by area, we see a similar trend where all areas have a wage gap of less than 1%. We continued to push for more granularity in our analyses and reporting of compensation values globally so we can maintain pay equity and transparency across the globe. See our results and more in the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
Governance. 
In 2021, approximately 91% of the shareholder votes cast on our say-on-pay proposal approved the compensation of our Named Executive Officers as disclosed in 3M’s 2022 Proxy Statement. When making future executive compensation decisions, the committee will consider the results of this year’s say-on-pay proposal as well as feedback from our stockholders. 3M’s clawback policy covers both cash and equity compensation for executives and addresses situations involving significant financial or reputational harm as well as risk management failures. The Board of Directors continues to monitor regulatory developments relating to recoupment of incentivebased compensation.
when we consider grade, location, and job code 0.27%
The pay gap by gender across all countries 80 where 3M has employees is. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 105 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In the year ahead, we expect to remain in overall good health as a company due to the diversity of our businesses, and this will support our ability to continue paying employees competitively. We will continue to adhere to our principles of competitive pay, equitable pay, transparency, and pay for performance and will continue to follow our established compensation principles as we work to maintain our goal of global pay equity.
Our 2022 incentive plans for senior executives will continue to take into account their contributions on relevant ESG matters, and we will incorporate an ESG scorecard into the annual incentive payout calculation for them. We anticipate this scorecard will track execution and progress against a set of objectively determinable goals for ESG metrics that are strategically important to 3M. The Compensation and Talent Committee will be responsible for deciding whether an adjustment (±10% of target) should be applied to the “standard” annual incentive payout calculation.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 106 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
At 3M, we lead with culture. We want our employees to focus on making an impact on the world and feel empowered to bring innovation into their work. We know that engaged employees are more satisfied with their work, tend to stay longer, and are more productive and committed. We foster and reinforce behaviors that support engagement on many levels, including networking, collaboration, diversity, equity, and inclusion. We focus on the quality and the impact of professional development and career growth.
Our company touches nearly every industry in every geography globally. Working at 3M provides a range of development opportunities few other companies can offer. Our people can live in different countries, learn about different cultures, and develop a variety of skills across different industries. It’s possible for someone to go from a role in the lab, to marketing, to sales, to business development, and all the way up to the C-suite. 3M is so diverse that people can reinvent themselves and their careers all within one company — and can collaborate with other curious, creative minds wherever they go. For more information, see the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section.
Employee programs Developing employees and building a meaningful culture. 
We focus on the quality and impact of professional development and career growth. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 107 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Establish a learning ecosystem that provides personalized learning experiences for every employee in the flow of work and life • Provide space and time for the key moments in each employee’s journey and assure that every employee understands how we can thrive together as 3M employees. 
Furthermore, our new enterprise learning strategy connects the threads across the employee experience by activating our culture transformation and recognizing learning is critical for us individually and as a company. Broad, inclusive, and accessible resources have been made available to equip all 3M employees with everything they need to learn and grow every day.
This strategic shift has helped 3M navigate the many changes and challenges that were presented in 2021, including the transition from the third industrial age (the age of digital connectivity) to the fourth industrial age (the age of artificial intelligence), the effects of rapid globalization, and the continued uncertainty created by the global pandemic. As the market continues to evolve rapidly and as skills are expiring at an ever-increasing rate, 3M is committed to fostering a culture of continuous learning to equip 3M employees with the skills of tomorrow so that we can stay relevant, innovate, and grow at 3M today. To promote personal, career, and business growth in 2021, we focused on the following elements: • Continuously upskill our entire workforce with critical and emerging core and functional skills. 
Investing in our people. 
In 2020, 3M introduced a new enterprise learning strategy to accelerate our culture transformation, empower our employees, and drive long-term business growth and innovation by fostering a culture of continuous learning. The learning strategy is framed against three strategic pillars, including: • Nature of culture of continuous learning • Empower learners to build and develop skills • Drive innovation and fuel business growth. 
Our actions. 
Our most valuable resource is our people, and we invest in their success. We offer a wide range of benefits and discounts designed to help them live their best lives. We also provide tools, opportunities, and support for people who want to learn and grow every day, both personally and professionally.
A learningfocused culture. 
Our 94,700 employees do work that matters, applying 3M Science in ways that make a positive impact on people’s lives. In today’s fast-moving business environment, it’s more important than ever to anticipate and exceed the needs of our customers, shareholders, and employees. Creating a high-performance culture built on continual learning helps 3M achieve business growth for the company and professional growth for employees.
Our 94,700 employees do work that matters, applying 3M Science in ways that make a positive impact on people’s lives. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 108 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Additionally, content is organized and aligned to directly support our organizational priorities, including the 3M culture elements, core or power skills, company-defined functional skills, LSS, sustainability, and other relevant content and experiences.
Develop U provides access to tens of thousands of unique, just-intime learning resources in 12 core languages, allowing 3M’s global workforce to engage in employee development. Beyond Develop U, 3M provides access to functional learning content through multiple other channels. These expanded learning and development offerings have increased reach, covering our total global workforce.
In 2021 alone, we have seen 80% of our global workforce engage in selfdirected training via online platforms and in-person/virtual experiences, reaching both production and nonproduction employees globally. Considering job-specific as well as self-directed training, over 1 million online learning resource completions were recorded (across 22,000 learning assets), and almost 30,000 in-person and virtual events were attended in 2021 (or approximately 665,000 hours of learning in 2021).
3M has prioritized learning and career development opportunities not only for leaders but for all employees. Employees have the freedom to create meaningful development plans, identify goals, and take steps to achieve them. 3M and supervisors provide the tools to help them achieve those goals.
Employee development. 
Our aim is to have 100% of employees engaging in development activities. With our global online employee learning platform, Develop U, employees are easily able to access development resources to support their career aspirations and advance their strategic skills and capabilities within 3M. Develop U provides employees with a personalized experience by recommending relevant content based on their role within the organization.
In 2021, we provided 25 hours of learning and development experience for our full-time equivalent (FTE) employees. Our learning orientation and philosophy focused on experiential learning and skill-building rather than classroom-style (or virtual) training. The number of training hours and the training cost per employee are not our leading indicators of human capital performance. Instead, when assessing our development programs, we focus on indicators that align employees’ results to the company’s success. Leadership and employee engagement, employee retention rates, brand recognition, acquisition integration milestones, and Lean Six Sigma (LSS) project value are a few examples of indicators that contribute to 3M’s recognition as an industry and global business leader.
Our aim is to have 100% of employees engaging in development activities engaged in selfdirected training of global workforce 80% online learning resources completions across 1 million. 
Over 22,000 learning assets in-person and virtual events were attended in 2021 30,000. 
Almost. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 109 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


employees 13,000. 
Since June 2021, over have engaged with 30,000 hours of Udemy for Business content. 
In 2021, as we have in prior years, we provided specific training content to our hiring managers and others on implicit bias and how to approach implicit bias. To learn more about racial inclusion advocacy, see the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section.
At 3M, learning and experiences are shared. Just as we share and combine our technologies, we also share and combine our knowledge through mentorship, storytelling, and our internal social networking website — which allows employees to collaborate and learn from each other. We define mentoring as a unique relationship in which a mentor (a more experienced person) helps a mentee (a less experienced person) with their development in a particular area. Further information can be found at Mentorships at 3M.
Inclusion advocacy framework. 
We build inclusive behaviors and create cultural agility through training and leadership development programs as well as through inclusion events and activities worldwide, such as International Women’s Day and 3M Global Inclusion Day. Our model for hosting candid conversations and panel discussions about important topics affecting 3M’s global community continued to help us create a space for employees to be authentic, be advocates for those who need advocacy, and respond in a respectful way when things don’t feel right, avoiding complacency. More information can be found in 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
Employees create or update development plans that include activities meant to improve individual skills and further career development. They can use additional skill-mapping tools in collaboration with their supervisors to identify long-term desired goals and define actions needed to help reach those goals. At 3M, we are also actively investing in the development of every employee; more specifically, we are investing in the development of critical and emerging skills. In October 2021, we released a new program called Learning Track. The focus of Learning Track is to continuously train our entire workforce with skills related to culture, core or power skills, leadership, and functional/technical. We started this journey with the new manager population (+750 supervisors) in 2021, with plans to expand this required program to all nonproduction employees (~45,000) in early 2022. The goal of the Learning Track program is to have 90% completion by end of 2022.
Also, in 2021, we introduced a new key content partner, Udemy for Business, providing employees access to thousands of courses across a wide variety of topics, including functional learning, technical skills, and core or power skills. Since the release in June 2021, over 13,000 employees have engaged with 30,000 hours of Udemy for Business content. Today, we provide all 3M employees with a wide range of content options and spend significant time working with our other content partners, including Franklin Covey, GetAbstract, and CrossKnowledge, to curate meaningful learning journeys for our employees, making it easier for them to find and engage with the topics they are most interested in.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 110 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Nurturing the leader in everyone. 
Leadership development is a competitive advantage for 3M. To maintain this advantage, we continue to leverage new technologies and delivery methods, thereby assuring impact, consistency, and global inclusivity.
Many development opportunities and programs are available throughout the various stages of a leader’s career journey, spanning every geographic area and 3M business. Programs include a range of online and selfpaced offerings from personal effectiveness to financial acumen that cover core skill development aligned to the 3M culture elements. These programs also focus on the future by embedding inclusive leadership strategies, promoting development through corporate social responsibility, and offering mentoring opportunities.
Setting new employees up for success 3M invests in onboarding and developing new employees so they have access to the tools, resources, and networks they need to succeed. Our onboarding process begins at the time a candidate accepts a job offer and continues throughout the first year of employment. 
A consistent, comprehensive onboarding platform provides pre-start information delivery and engagement for new employees on the front end and clear metrics, reporting, and tracking for 3M on the back end. This investment sets up new employees to succeed and make meaningful contributions from the start.
Internships. 
Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of 3M’s interns in the U.S. were in person and based in St. Paul, Minnesota, but some were also located throughout the United States at key manufacturing sites. In 2021, we continued our adaptive approach by offering virtual internship formats to more than 186 people and in-person manufacturing and R&Dfocused internships to 107 people.
Our internships are tracked as part of our goal to create 5 million STEM and skilled trades learning experiences and our overall commitment to creating greater equity in our communities. To learn more about this goal, see the Communities section.
Our onboarding process begins at the time a candidate accepts a job offer and continues throughout the first year of employment. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 111 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


All-employee development. 
All our employees globally, at every level of the 3M organization, are provided with opportunities to develop themselves as leaders. These leadership development offerings target areas of strategic importance, including the development of a growth mindset, agility, innovation, and customer focus. Delivery of content is available virtually in experiential workshops and via selfpaced e-modules.
Coaching 3M has invested in external leadership coaches to support and accelerate the development of 3M leaders around the world. These coaches work in a variety of ways with 3M leaders. We offer one-on-one time with a coach to help employees apply new learning or on-demand coaching to work through a change. We also work with teams to help them stay close to changing stakeholder expectations.
Global executive and leadership development. 
In 2021, we launched the 3M Leading Edge portfolio, a series of differentiated learning experiences for high-potential leadership, bringing one consistent approach to how 3M develops leaders across all geographic areas, business groups, and functions. Each learning experience is designed to stretch participants to learn at their growth edge and strengthen their capability to lead with heart, purpose, curiosity, and intention. With a focus on amplifying 3M culture elements, Leading Edge is an integration of customer-focused, results-driven, and experience-based learning that takes leaders beyond what they already know to sharpen their skills with our customers and in our global communities.
Development for people leaders. 
With a focus on the critical skills that leaders need to be successful in leading others, the Essentials for People Leaders program emerged as a multimodule program with the flexibility to be delivered as face-to-face classroom training or as online, virtual training. This flexible delivery format is key to providing a consistent development experience for all leaders of 3M while still allowing for needed localization.
Be rewarded for your efforts. 
Our approach to performance management is simple, bringing employees to the center and streamlining the process. Called Performance Everyday, the approach was influenced by ideas that 3M employees shared through crowdsourcing, benchmarking, internal interviews, focus groups, as well as our culture elements. Performance Everyday empowers employees to think about performance beyond mid-year and year-end through a transparent process and continuous conversations. It’s a chance to share recognition, celebrate results, learn from experience, improve performance, and set and adjust to changing business priorities frequently to respond in an agile way.
To drive 3M’s successes, we incentivize our employees to excel. Our process includes two components: measurable targets to execute our strategies, agreed upon by the employee and their supervisor; and the demonstration of our culture elements.
The performance assessment process helps to hold each of our employees accountable for their contribution and how their everyday behaviors affect those around them. The process aligns personal goals with organizational goals — we strive to achieve our goals in ways that support and strengthen our culture and achieve sustainable growth. 3M has long prioritized taking a well-rounded view of an individual’s performance, assuring that employees are treated in a fair and consistent manner.
We strive to achieve our goals in ways that support and strengthen our culture and achieve sustainable growth. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 112 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Learning from listening. 
For more than 50 years, 3M has been conducting surveys to solicit employee observations, attitudes, and opinions. In 2020, we re-imagined our primary enterprise listening strategy to move to an all-employee survey, known as the 3M Census. In 2021, we renamed the survey to the 3M Voice of Employee Survey (3M VoE), which has the same categories and questions as the 3M Census and will be conducted on an annual basis. The 2021 Voice of Employee Survey was sent to all nonproduction employees, and the response rate was 55%. For production employees, insights from our 2020 survey continued to drive action at the local levels where the biggest impact can be made to improve the employee experience, and new surveying is slated to take place in 2022.
Through Performance Everyday, 3M made a conscious shift to a continuous performance and development culture, driven by regular, timely, one-on-one conversations. These conversations occur frequently — at least once a month. Regular and transparent conversations between supervisors and employees are at the center of the Performance Everyday process.
• Performance goals, linked to higher-level organizational goals, are set jointly between individuals and leaders. Goals can be adjusted throughout the year in response to changing business priorities.
• Tools provided to leaders facilitate conversations between leaders and employees to gain mutual understanding of expectations and desired behaviors.
• Feedback on progress toward these goals is provided regularly — at a minimum once a month, and formally, once a year — and supervisors are taught and encouraged to provide routine feedback to help employees adjust performance and meet or exceed goals.
3M strives to have 100% of nonproduction employees complete the entire performance review process. In 2021, all eligible employees were rated, and these employees and their supervisors received tasks to complete the year-end process in the performance system.
The 3M VoE Survey approach provides a broad perspective across the enterprise under our global organization model. This serves as a baseline from which we can regularly assess the state of employee engagement and other workplace factors critical to high performance and providing a great place to work.
Group leaders must review their respective group’s results, present them to their employees, and execute an action plan to address the issues that arise from the results. We built supports into our process that make it easier to bring about successful change through action planning, such as accountability checks and specific tools to act on the results.
We identified key drivers of employee engagement and developed and deployed support for leaders. We regularly assess survey content and update it as needed to assure alignment with company strategy and major initiatives.
Outside of the 3M VoE Survey process, we also deploy other relevant employee listening surveys, often focusing on major transformation initiatives, such as advancing our company culture or reinventing performance management. In addition to the main survey system, we have and continue to use an innovative crowdsourcing platform that enables more direct input by employees through open-ended suggestions that can be themed and ranked by usefulness based on input from survey respondents. This is a cycle of continuous improvement for us; we measure, assess, and adapt year after year to assure our surveys support strategy and business objectives directed at supporting sustainable corporate success through our employees’ actions on the job.
For 50+ years, 3M has been conducting surveys to solicit employee observations, attitudes, and opinions. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 113 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M follows all applicable local laws and regulations regarding notice periods in the event of business operations changes.
3M’s Human Resources (HR) Department benefits from using one global system to track HR information. At every 3M site around the globe, we have instant access to this information through our global reporting tool.
Highly competitive pay, rewards, and services. 
The more an employee contributes to 3M’s success, the more success they create for themselves. We offer a competitive base pay and, depending on position, variable incentive pay linked to company and individual performance. We also offer a wide range of benefits and discounts designed to help employees live their best. For more details, see the Compensation section and Working at 3M: Your pay.
Employee staying power. 
Like most organizations, 3M experienced an increase in our global employee-initiated turnover rate in 2021, but across our production and nonproduction population, this is still under 8%. We continue to focus on steps to attract, retain, engage, and develop our employees, including inspiring through the purpose and promise of 3M, providing support for well-being, flexibility, and growth, creating a culture of belonging, and assuring competitive pay and benefits.
We calculate employee-initiated turnover separately from retirements, company-initiated turnover, and reductions in workforce. Examples of reasons for employee-initiated turnover might include returning to school or going to another job in a different company.
Total turnover includes employeeinitiated turnover and all other forms of turnover (e.g., termination as a result of restructuring, termination for poor performance, and retirements). Our total employee turnover rate is an annualized rate that measures terminated or retired 3M employees during the calendar year, excluding foreign service employees and 3M temporary employees.
Temporary employees are 3M employees hired temporarily with intent to be employed short-term. They do not include contingent workers.
Rewarding employees for their efforts. 
Medical, dental, and vision plan options; savings and retirement plans; a 3M employee stock purchase plan; and many other resources can enhance a 3M employee’s life, both physically and financially. Where applicable, benefit eligibility also extends to domestic partners and their children.
All regular full-time employees in the United States are eligible for these benefits — regular part-time employees who work at least 20 hours a week are also eligible. Some programs and benefits may differ in other countries due to local laws and regulations.
Further information on 3M’s wide range of benefits, 3M Healthy Living Program resources, and discounts designed to help employees live their best can be found at Working at 3M: Your benefits.
We continue to focus on steps to attract, retain, engage, and develop our employees. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 114 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


worth of points $9M. 
Over were awarded by and to employees. 
Parental leave. 
Our parental leave policy helps employees be their best selves at home and at work. All U.S. salaried mothers and fathers of newborn or newly adopted children are eligible for up to 20 weeks (10 weeks paid and 10 weeks unpaid) of parental leave. In 2021, 1,270 U.S. eligible employees participated, including 384 females and — we’re proud to say — 888 males.
Everyday Wins. 
Recognition is a powerfully influential force within a large organization, as it cultivates leadership, purpose, and success at all levels. While 3M has been advancing in compensation and benefits programs and processes in terms of competitiveness, increasing transparency, and our pay-forperformance philosophy, our 3M Voice of Employee Survey revealed an opportunity to make recognition a habit within our culture.
In 2021, 3M transformed our existing social recognition program into Everyday Wins — a global point-based program that allows for convenient, peer-to-peer and group recognition for when an employee embodies our culture elements. Nominations and awards are submitted and tracked through a dedicated platform accessible from desktop or mobile devices to create a consistent, realtime experience that transcends barriers like country location. Since the beginning of its first partial year beginning in May 2021, the equivalent of more than $9 million in points have been sent and awarded by and to employees. The points can be redeemed for merchandise, gift cards, or donated to charitable organizations.
U.S. employee parental leave. 
Usage of parental leave. 
In 2020: 1,210 total employees 382 female employees 827 male employees. 
In 2020: 1,280 total employees 410 female employees 870 male employees. 
Parental leave retention. 
In 2021: 1,270 total employees 384 female employees 888 male employees. 
In 2021*: 1,280 total employees 388 female employees 895 male employees * 2021 numbers may include those that left on leave in 2020 and came back in 2021. Some employees on leave in 2021 may return in 2022. Total values above have been rounded and therefore do not match the raw values exactly. All calculations on the tabulated data use the full precision of the number.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 115 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


U.S. military leave 3M strives to be the premier employer for the military community, with paid leave benefits that reflect our commitment to veterans. 3M offers up to four weeks of paid military leave for military training each calendar year to support eligible 3M employees in the U.S. National Guard or Reserve units. Eligible employees on leave for annual encampment or training may be entitled to differential pay for the difference between their 3M pay and their military pay.
Work Your Way. 
The effects of COVID-19 have been broad and far-reaching, underscoring the importance of adaptation and flexibility in the “workplace” — wherever that may be. While 3M had already begun the process of reimagining how we operate with our launch of FlexAbility in 2015 for our nonproduction employees and FlexAbility 2.0 in 2020, the pandemic only accelerated that transformation. The result was Work Your Way: a trust-based work model that builds on FlexAbility and evolves the assumption that on-site work must be the default.
Introduced in 2021, Work Your Way is guided by our culture and our performance-focused approach, emphasizing four key pillars: • Founded on trust: employees are empowered to work in ways that support their role and preference • Built on virtual first: virtual collaboration through the use of technology is the standard • Meet with purpose: employees are encouraged to come together for moments that matter — virtually or in person • Based on impact: contribution to the organization and embodiment of our culture is valued above location. 
For nonproduction employees, Work Your Way offers three broad options for officing locations (depending on local laws, regulations, work agreements, or other local conditions): mainly on-site, hybrid, or remote (near or distant). It also includes flexibility around how these employees structure their day, promoting a focus on family needs, healthy lifestyles, reduced commuting time, and more. Based on their job function, employees and their supervisors can make customized arrangements for a flexible work practice that maximizes professional and personal productivity.
This model puts into practice the concept that work life and personal life can and should coexist. It puts the power in the employee’s hands to make choices that benefit them, their work, their team, their friends and family, and 3M, ultimately making us more competitive and agile as a company.
While the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic impacted our operations and employees throughout 2021, we remain committed to promoting flexibility and continuing to seek ways to build it into our production/hourly roles as well.
For more details, learn more about life with 3M.
Our footprint. 
Data related to employee metrics has been derived from our human capital management system. All of the data in these charts has been calculated without any assumptions. Additional information on data management can be found in the About report section.
The employee metrics in the charts are reflective of employee headcount as of December 31, 2021. This includes the total number of 3M full-time and part-time employees, not 3M full-time equivalent (FTE) employees. Due to acquisition integration schedules factored into 3M’s human capital management system, detailed employee information below may differ from employee totals in 3M financial reports. Additional demographics are available in the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section.
3M global employees by region. 
Full- and part-time, total 0
40,000 20,000 80,000 100,000 60,000 2019 2020 2021 2017 2018. 
Asia Pacific. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Global. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 116 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


*Contingent hourly or daily workers only, see GRI 102-8 and employee contract.
3M global contingent employees by region. 
Permanent and temporary* employment total 0
6,000 4,000 2,000 10,000 12,000 8,000 2019 2020 2021 2017 2018. 
Asia Pacific. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Global 3M global new employee hires by region. 
Total 6,000 4,000 2,000 10,000 14,000 12,000 16,000 8,000 0 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017. 
Asia Pacific. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Global 3M regional and global employee age distribution 2021 Full- and part-time, percentage of total 30 10 40 70 50 20 80 90 100 60. 
Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Latin America United States, Canada Global 0. 
Baby Boomers (1943-1960)
Generation X (1961-1981)
Generation Y (1982-1994)
Generation Z (>1994) 3M regional and global employee hires age distribution 2021 percentage 30 10 40 70 50 20 80 90 100 60 0 Asia Pacific Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Latin America United States, Canada Global. 
Baby Boomers (1943-1960)
Generation X (1961-1981)
Generation Y (1982-1994)
Generation Z (>1994)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 117 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Employees get the space to try something new and different, think creatively, and challenge the status quo. 
Thriving through change. 
In 2021, we continued our efforts to create change leaders within our organization. Our background in growth mindset training allows us to focus on change leadership to guide us through organizational changes that will strengthen our company. Leading change is about helping people move from unaware to full commitment to the change. To this end, we maintained our Thriving Through Change intranet website that provides tools and resources for leaders and others through each phase of the change.
We believe that change management is a business process that results in our ability to make transitions that achieve the desired end state while being on time and within budget. This is accomplished by following 3M Science of Change, which is an iterative change management process that is focused on driving new mindsets and new behaviors effectively and sustainably across our organization. 3M Science of Change consists of key steps as well as ongoing efforts to prepare for, communicate, and measure change.
15% Culture. 
For more than 70 years, 3M’s unique 15% Culture has encouraged employees to set aside a portion of their work time to proactively cultivate and pursue innovative ideas that excite them. While coordinating with their manager to assure day-to-day responsibilities are still executed, employees get the space to try something new and different, think creatively, and challenge the status quo. Whether it’s experimenting with a new technology, forming a special interest group around a fresh idea, or finding a new way to run a process, our 15% Culture gives employees in all areas the license to innovate.
In 2021, we celebrated the 100-year anniversary of Richard Drew joining 3M — a man whose story is a model example of our 15% Culture — with the Richard Drew 15% Culture Story award ceremony. Nominees featured stories of inspiration and encouragement to continue to grow 3M through passion and innovation.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 118 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In 2021, we started to expand and modernize our learning ecosystem in order to improve the learner experience and drive deeper engagement to foster a culture of continuous learning. As part of these efforts, we will create a personalized and centralized experience, displaying an employee’s required training and recommended learning in a single location. This will advance our work toward employee development and continuous learning. The first stage of the new learning ecosystem is scheduled to be complete as early as April 2022, and this new infrastructure will support our efforts toward achieving our goal of 90% completion of the Learning Track program.
As we build 3M for the future, strengthening our culture is a top priority. At its core, culture is how we do things at 3M, and it belongs to all of us equally. As change occurs, we are engaging our employees by continually broadening our listening strategies. We will continue to refine our performance approach to improve the employee experience. We are focused on creating space for authentic, respectful, and candid conversations as part of our efforts to build inclusive behaviors and continue our work on racial inclusion advocacy.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 119 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment 3M is at the forefront of the global effort to bring science and innovation to workplace safety. At the same time, as an enterprise with 94,700 employees working around the world, we are always taking steps to further advance the safety, health, and wellbeing of our employees. Our highest priority is the safety of our employees and the public.
We are committed to responding to the ongoing and evolving health and safety challenges of the pandemic. 3M’s occupational medicine and disease prevention coordinators are dedicated to staying well-apprised of the latest developments on COVID-19 in order to provide general education and up-to-date guidance for employees on topics including health and safety protocols, variants, travel guidance, and more.
Environmental, health, and safety management Caring for our people and our environment. 
Our highest priority is the safety of our employees and the public. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 120 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We continue to evaluate opportunities to raise our safety and health standards. 
As part of this standard, these operations, including new acquisitions, are expected to complete the EHS Management System Self-Assessment at least annually. This assessment is categorized into multiple elements that address various areas and standards related to environment, health, and safety.
EHS Management Standard 3M’s EHS Management Standard defines EHS requirements that apply to manufacturing, supply chain, R&D operations and service centers. The EHS Management Standard is the basis for our self-assessment and audit protocols.
The 3M Safety and Health Policy applies to 3M operations everywhere, including new acquisitions. Hazards in 3M’s workplaces must be wellunderstood and effectively managed to protect 3M employees, visitors, sites, and surrounding communities. In addition, we continue to evaluate opportunities to raise our safety and health standards. Our global EHS teams support sites to identify and manage environmental, health, and safety (EHS) risks; evaluate compliance with regulatory requirements and conformance to 3M policies and standards; identify opportunities for continuous improvement; and share exemplary practices, both internally and externally.
To assure consistent reporting and metrics globally, 3M, like many multinational companies, follows the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordkeeping rules and formulas to record and measure injury and illness rates worldwide. At all sites within 3M’s operational control, 3M employees and contingent employees are covered by our injury and illness recordkeeping rules.
Environmental, health, and safety (EHS) policies. 
The 3M Environmental Policy, created in 1975, established the framework for environmental management and conservation of resources, emphasizing prevention of pollution at the source. We work to identify potential risks to the environment as well as to the health and safety of our employees and communities, and we take steps to modify processes, product design, and standards to address these risks. We leverage information and technology to assess the risks and drive compliance through data systems and technical analysis.
We continue to make significant investments to reduce the environmental impact of our operations and our products and are committed to complying with all applicable environmental requirements worldwide. We develop products to help customers reduce their environmental impact and help meet their sustainability goals.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 121 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Workplace and employee security 3M Global Security secures and monitors 3M sites and has invested in tools and resources to help gather risk intelligence and provide threat mitigation to protect 3M’s people, property, assets, and operations.
3M sites are accessible with badge access and protected by other physical security mechanisms. Uniformed security personnel support and assist workers and visitors in both emergency and nonemergency situations, such as incidents, loss or theft, and suspicious items or behaviors. 3M has invested in security intelligence monitoring systems. As threats are identified, risk mitigation and investigation managers provide security expertise and guidance to businesses and sites. 3M’s Global Security Operations Center (GSOC) monitors risks and intelligence sources worldwide and supports local operations in severe situations.
The GSOC also facilitates travel safety and security and provides emergency care and support to workers.
Epidemiology program 3M is one of the few companies supporting an internal occupational epidemiology program. For over 25 years, this group has conducted epidemiologic studies to examine health outcomes among 3M manufacturing workers and their potential association with occupational exposures and other workplace conditions. Occupational epidemiology research is used to inform risk assessments and develop risk management activities within 3M.
Data privacy 3M’s Medical Record Standard defines the rules that must be followed to protect workers’ medical information. The standard covers access, collection, storage, security, transfer of records, record retention, and record destruction. This standard assures that 3M medical information is handled in a manner consistent with the 3M Data Privacy Principle and all applicable legal requirements.
Preventive approach. 
Our programs are designed to help prevent health-related issues. Clinical services for illnesses and injuries are offered at 3M sites worldwide. Some of our preventive programs include hypertension management, cardiovascular risk reduction, stress management, physical activity programs, smoking cessation, nutrition consultation, and cancer prevention in partnership with the 3M Healthy Living Program.
Vaccination services. 
Many 3M sites have the infrastructure and certification to serve as vaccination clinics, which 3M hosts on a regular basis for employees.
CPR & AED training 3M supports volunteer first responder teams by providing CPR/Automated External Defibrillator (AED) training to employees. Our corporate headquarters and many of our distribution centers, R&D labs, and manufacturing sites around the world are supplied with AEDs and staffed with AED-trained personnel.
We aim to support healthy lifestyles and create a psychologically safe work environment 3M medical programs and services. 
People are the most important part of our company. That is why we offer a variety of on-site occupational health services at 3M sites around the world based on the risk factors at each site, as well as other programs and services for employees working remotely from home.
Culture of health. 
Employees are encouraged to take advantage of 3M’s health and wellbeing programs that promote disease prevention and health improvement. We aim to support healthy lifestyles and create a psychologically safe work environment that empowers employees to be their best, both at work and at home.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 122 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M uses a variety of tools to manage EHS risks in the workplace. 
Live dashboards report EHS data at the site, division, business group, and corporate levels. Dashboards are reviewed by executive management for performance on selected indicators, enabling 3M to monitor and identify successes, risks, and opportunities for performance improvements and footprint reductions worldwide.
Our actions. 
Continuously developing and implementing global EHS policies, management systems, and key performance metrics enable 3M to integrate and drive improvement in each of the company’s four business groups globally, assuring consistency and innovative EHS thinking.
3M uses a variety of tools to manage EHS risks in the workplace. We have successfully used specialized tools for several years in the areas of environmental compliance, life safety, process safety, industrial hygiene, and ergonomics. Each of these disciplines uses a risk management approach to categorize risk levels and define appropriate levels of control, frequently above and beyond compliance.
Process hazard management 3M is committed to rigorously managing the risks associated with hazardous processes, such as those with the potential to result in catastrophic fires, explosions, and the sudden release of toxic materials. We use a Hazardous Process Evaluation Tool (HazPET) to categorize hazardous processes. Process hazard analyses (PHAs) are used to assess the effectiveness of existing safeguards. Layers of Protection Analysis (LOPA) is also used in some instances to evaluate safety-critical devices and systems, providing more attention to independent protection layers. Facility siting assessments help us identify and mitigate “maximum credible event” scenarios that could impact workers at some sites. Process hazard management (PHM) is a global initiative that builds on 3M’s existing guidance to our sites around managing potential process hazards, such as combustible dust.
Another way we manage hazardous processes is through mechanical integrity programs. These programs help our manufacturing sites manage critical process equipment to assure they are operated and maintained in the most effective and safe manner.
Incident and crisis management 3M has plans and standard processes in place to help prevent and prepare for, respond to, and recover from serious, severe, and crisis situations throughout its global footprint. Notification and communication processes managed through the GSOC inform and engage response teams, leadership, and subject-matter experts. When a significant EHS event or security threat arises, a message informs workers and provides a response mechanism to confirm their well-being after a severe or catastrophic event. 3M’s Corporate Crisis Action Team (CCAT) provides global leadership, coordination, and direction in crisis situations.
For more information, visit the Enterprise risk section.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 123 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Environmental investments. 
In 2021, 3M expended approximately $157 million for capital projects for environmental purposes. Capital projects for environmental purposes include waste reduction and pollution control programs, such as water usage reduction and water quality improvement equipment, scrubbers, containment structures, solvent recovery units, and thermal oxidizers. Capital expenditures for similar projects are presently expected to approach approximately $668 million for 2022 and 2023 in aggregate. Environmental expenditures relating to existing conditions caused by past operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are expensed.
3M follows a centrally coordinated investment approach to mitigate risk and facilitate the implementation of sustainable technologies to align with our Strategic Sustainability Framework. To learn more about our environmental investments, see our Climate and energy section.
Environmental management system implementation. 
We continue to advance our Environmental Management System (EMS) framework throughout the world.
3M’s EMS framework provides structure and consistency for implementing our programs and puts the company in a proactive rather than reactive mode regarding our environmental focus. We have extensive global systems in place to identify, track, and manage relevant information on corporate-wide EHS management and performance. This includes covering a full range of environmental compliance and operational performance metrics relevant to 3M operations, some of which are provided in this report.
In 2021, we introduced a new water management standard. Learn more in our Circular materials section.
We have extensive global systems in place to identify, track, and manage relevant information for capital projects $157M. 
In 2021, 3M expended approximately for environmental purposes. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 124 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Third-party assurance of sustainability metric reporting. 
APEX Companies, LLC provided independent third-party verification of 3M’s 2021 environmental data (volatile organic compound emissions, water, waste, environmental compliance metrics, energy consumption, and greenhouse gas emissions) included in this 2022 report. For additional information on our third-party assurance, see the APEX Companies, LLC Assurance Statement.
Applying ISO 14001. 
The ISO 14001 Environmental Management System (EMS) standard is an internationally recognized approach for managing the immediate and long-term environmental impacts of an organization’s products, services, and processes.
To help sites comply with the current ISO 14001 standard, 3M provides ISO 14001 training modules in our Global Learning System. Web-based courses are offered, addressing topics on general awareness, internal auditors, leadership management, and more. Learning coordinators can assign these web-based training courses to groups of employees, process certifications, and run reports. Supervisors can then view their direct reports’ learning activities. Altogether, our ISO 14001-certified sites account for 80.6% of transfer value of shipments (TVOS) or the total value of all shipped unfinished and finished goods.
In addition to site assessments and remediation, our employees also participate in coordinated efforts to support biodiversity in nearby environments. For example, the Wildlife Habitat Team at our 3M Cottage Grove site is an employeedriven initiative that volunteers with nonprofit organization Friends of the Mississippi River, which 3M helps fund. The Cottage Grove site is certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council, and whether they are providing homes for bees and bats or clearing out non-native plants, their work to help protect local wildlife and ecology is emblematic of our larger organizational commitment to improve our stewardship of the places where we operate.
Environmental site assessments and enhancements. 
Outside of 3M’s EMS framework, 3M has completed environmental site assessments at most sites, with the goal of identifying potential historical liabilities. Because of these assessments, we can identify sensitive biodiverse areas that are on or near 3M properties. The environmental site assessments include a site visit and a search of public databases to identify these areas, such as rivers, creeks, and wetlands.
The Cottage Grove site’s work to help protect local wildlife and ecology is emblematic of our larger organizational commitment to improve our stewardship of the places where we operate of transfer value of shipments 80.6%
Our ISO 14001-certified sites account for (TVOS)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 125 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


As a global manufacturer, we aim to have a best-in-class EHS and chemicals management audit program. Toward that aim, we’ve continued to execute a multi-year process of taking key learnings from individual manufacturing sites and applying them across the rest, with outcomes including: • Adding new features to better enable sites to audit their own programs, involving 3M experts from outside a site’s auditing program, and having external, non-3M specialists visit and audit 3M sites • Expanding coverage for compliance and management systems • Increasing physical monitoring of site emissions • Undergoing regular formal evaluations with 3M experts to review EHS requirements and identify opportunities for process improvements • Deploying one comprehensive holistic system of record for audit processes. 
In 2021, our EHS site audits covered sites that manufactured 87.1% of transfer value of shipments (TVOS). Key objectives of audits included: • Preemptively discover and correct potential noncompliance with 3M and government EHS requirements • Identify and manage EHS risks. 
Site self-assessments and auditing 3M verifies regulatory compliance and alignment with the EHS Management Standard, conducting EHS-related audits on a standardized schedule based on site-specific EHS complexities. 3M’s multifaceted strategy for implementing our Environmental Management System and global auditing of EHS compliance for our operations is key to understanding and resolving any potential gaps. The EHS Management System defines EHS requirements that apply to all 3M sites globally and is designed to bring more consistency to EHS self-assessments and EHS audit protocols at 3M manufacturing, supply chain, and R&D sites worldwide. These operations (and new acquisitions based on their integration progress) must complete the EHS Management System Self-Assessment at least annually. Data from the assessments is validated through audits, site visits by subject-matter experts, and other data systems.
• Promote an EHS culture of self-discovery and continuous improvement • Share exemplary practices among all 3M sites and operations. 
The frequency of EHS compliance audits on manufacturing, supply chain, and R&D operations is based on a site’s EHS complexity rating and the date of the last site EHS audit. Operations are annually assessed with respect to the standard audit frequencies to establish a prioritized list of sites for compliance auditing.
3M uses a variety of tools and resources for compliance auditing, including: • Internally developed compliance protocols created by subject-matter experts in regulatory programs and 3M processes. 
As a global manufacturer, we aim to have a best-in-class EHS and chemicals management audit program • 3M’s EHS Management Standard • Externally purchased compliance protocols to assure local compliance obligations are understood and met • Internal EHS compliance experts from around the company • External EHS consultants, as needed, to provide additional expertise and third-party verification • Complete and robust documentation of audits • Findings with assignments of responsibility, due dates for closure, and tracking to completion • Detailed reviews of findings to assure corrective actions are complete. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 126 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Employee health and safety during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As a global manufacturer of vital response supplies used in the fight against COVID-19, 3M has a unique role to help keep people safe — both our employees and the public — by helping prevent the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining our critical operations. Throughout 2021, we maintained a strong focus on the health and safety of our employees and on clear, proactive communication while safely continuing business operations.
3M’s EHS auditing program is audited periodically by 3M’s Corporate Auditing Department, resulting in functional improvements to the audit program, fully addressing all in-scope sites and the verification of EHS audit findings.
All EHS auditors are required to take a certification test covering the important aspects of the 3M EHS Auditor Guidelines. 3M EHS professionals are assigned to an audit team or lead auditor to provide support on the auditing process and/ or a specific subject during the audit.
Compliance analysis, documentation, and verification. 
In an effort to create more consistency in management of EHS requirements at 3M sites, we use an electronic system — Compliance and Auditing Management and Metric Systems (CAMMS) — for 3M’s EHS Management Standard Self-Assessments, Self-Audits, and Global Audits. CAMMS allows 3M to conduct and track internal compliance assessments and audits in the context of applicable U.S. environmental regulatory requirements and company policies and standards, and other global sites are being implemented on a priority basis in a multi-year plan. In addition, CAMMS utilizes a risk assessment tool for prioritizing resources to implement corrective actions.
Active monitoring. 
From the beginning of the pandemic, we actively monitored all COVID-19 cases among our workforce and recovery status and evaluated trends and identified clusters where intervention measures could be taken. This practice provided valuable insight during different stages of the pandemic and allowed 3M to adapt our protective measures globally for employee health and safety — including encouraging vaccination and implementing protocols like physical distancing, heightened personal hygiene practices, self-observation and monitoring, disinfection and cleaning, additional trainings, and use of face coverings in the workplace.
A phased approach. 
Throughout 2021, we maintained health and safety protocols at global manufacturing, supply chain, R&D operations, and business-related activities that helped our employees mitigate their risk of infection and transmission. 3M site leadership teams collaborated with disease prevention coordinators/occupational health nurses, local communities, and public health authorities around the world — such as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the World Health Organization (WHO) — to continuously evaluate and reinforce safe operating practices. These include how meetings and events may be executed, systems for quarantine management, isolation, and contact tracing, as well as return to office management.
As part of our global framework of COVID-19 protocols, our facilities continued to follow a phased approach to reducing control measures when appropriate based on a variety of factors, including community transmission and infection rates as well as vaccination rates.
For more information and examples of health and safety protocols implemented at our sites, see our Site spotlights.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 127 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


EHS Cultural Acceleration Program. 
The goal of our EHS Cultural Acceleration program is to continually enhance 3M’s organizational culture at all sites worldwide with a key metric of enhancing EHS culture through leadership engagement with site employees. The program works to engage our employees so we, as an organization, can understand and reduce risks, follow safety practices, drive continuous improvement, and be comfortable raising personal concerns to help address hazards and concerning behaviors.
In 2021, we used this proven culture initiative in a global effort to drive two priorities: • Assure whole person health and promote psychological safety among 3M employees everywhere • Evaluate and understand risks associated with high-hazard activities, including, but not limited to, non-routine production and maintenance tasks. 
In total, more than 150,000 cultural acceleration engagements were documented between leadership and employees at our manufacturing and supply chain operations.
COVID-19 vaccination. 
With the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines in 2021, 3M strongly encouraged workers to become vaccinated as an effective way to reduce the risk of COVID-19. Our existing infrastructure, resources, and approval as a vaccine provider to our employees within the state of Minnesota allowed us to quickly expand our typical annual vaccine services to include COVID-19. While our global headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota hosted on-site vaccination clinics to provide thousands of workers the ability to become vaccinated, other 3M sites worked with local community resources and other third parties to provide this service, often on-site.
In response to federal mandates for COVID-19 vaccination requirements in the United States, 3M closely monitored and responded with the intent to comply with the law.
International travel health. 
Our travel health team prepares 3M employees for international business travel through comprehensive travel health consultations that include a personal health history review, immunizations, appropriate travel medications, and travel health education. We assist all employees who may require medical assistance while away from their home country.
By rigorously monitoring the ongoing and evolving COVID-19 pandemic, 3M carefully restricted and relaxed international travel guidance for employees accordingly throughout 2021. Employees who did travel were provided with information on precautionary measures they should take to help prevent COVID-19 infection — as well as the actions they should take if they became ill while traveling. Those traveling to or from the United States were provided the opportunity to be vaccinated once available.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 128 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


From 2019 to 2021, there has been a net reduction in the number of SIEs of 16.4%.
Ergonomics risk management 3M’s Ergonomics Risk Reduction Process (ERRP) is a global, comprehensive program that integrates ergonomic job analysis and engineering design criteria to reduce exposure to commonly identified musculoskeletal disorder (MSD) risk factors. To accomplish this, we apply ergonomics risk assessment tools globally to identify and assess ergonomic risk in the industrial environment.
In 2019, all manufacturing sites were required to complete an ergonomic footprint assessment and establish yearly reduction targets. In 2021, over 800 high exposures were eliminated, exceeding our internal target. Online ergonomics training is also available 24/7 to any employee who wants to learn more and has access to 3M’s intranet, encouraging employees working remotely at home to improve their workspace. See the 3M regional and global recordable incident rate chart for details.
Significant Injuries and Events (SIE) rates. 
Over the last five years, we have conducted over 101,000 internal risk assessments resulting in the identification and reduction of risk associated with more than 27,500 activities — including 7,470 associated with higher-risk activities that have greater potential to result in an SIE.
In 2019, we refined and expanded our internal classification criteria. SIE is broadly defined by impairment, disability, and other considerations. It also includes non-injury and illness events, such as fires, spills, and non-COVID communicable disease outbreaks like measles or mumps. As part of our safety-focused culture, we include not only 3M employees but also contractors and contingent workers in our SIE tracking. In 2019, we established a baseline for the SIE rate.
Environmental, health, and safety (EHS) incident management. 
Since 2010, all 3M sites globally are required to internally report, investigate, and assign action items for actual and potential incidents for employees and contractors (i.e., identify risks) through one dedicated system, which we call EHS 360. Actual and potential incidents include, but are not limited to, injury or illness, fire or explosion, environmental exceedances, spills, agency notices, and fines.
EHS 360 has led to continuous improvements relating to the awareness of responsibilities, understanding of the holistic system, and more consistent reporting requirements for 3M’s global operations.
high ergonomic exposures were eliminated, 800. 
In 2021, over exceeding our internal target. 
Healthy living. 
Health, wealth, wellness, and resilience create a framework for a collection of programs, resources, and services designed to help employees and their families achieve their wellbeing goals. Our 2021 programs and services vary globally. Examples include free flu and COVID-19 vaccinations, health-conscious options in the cafeterias, on-site fitness centers and medical care, telehealth, adoption and foster care support, and the Work Your Way program, which encourages work life and personal life to coexist. Work Your Way puts the power in the employee’s hands to make choices that benefit them, their work, their team, their friends and family, and 3M. For more information on Work Your Way, see the Employee programs section.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 129 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Machine guarding. 
To help identify potential hazards for and incident rates of contact with objects and equipment in our facilities, 3M made proactive investments to enhance our machine guarding assessment process through a new Guarding Assessment and Prioritization (GAP) tool. This tool is designed to provide a systematic method for setting machine guarding priorities. By further assessing worker exposure to machine hazards and providing a relative risk score for each machine, we can identify machines or process components where the risk of injury from machine hazards is greatest and prioritize those actions intended to improve safeguarding performance.
Industrial exposure risk management. 
To accurately assess exposure management programs and activities, 3M uses the comprehensive approach outlined by the American Industrial Hygiene Association (AIHA). In 2021, 90% of our processes involving potential workplace exposures to chemicals or noise have been fully assessed. As prescribed by our EHS Management Standard, we have also conducted proactive assessments of dermal exposure, engineered nanoparticles, hazard communication, personal protective equipment, respirator protection, and ventilation. These assessments help us determine whether any changes in exposure management programs are warranted.
Medical surveillance. 
We monitor our employees based on their potential exposure to chemical and physical hazards in the workplace. We screen for early signs of occupational illnesses to protect workers from further exposure, and we provide medical management. We look for trends in the health data of working populations to assure that potential hazards are well controlled. While many of these programs are mandated by government requirements, others are established to meet 3M’s standards.
Managing psychosocial hazards. 
We have identified the impact of psychosocial hazards in the workplace and the importance of mitigating these hazards in order to promote psychological safety and enhance the health and well-being of our workforce. A growing body of research points to psychosocial hazards — any aspect of the design or management of work and its social and organizational contexts that have the potential for causing psychological or physical harm — as having a significant impact on people in the workplace today. Psychosocial hazards have the potential to affect every employee, including their health and well-being, as well as their productivity. These hazards can contribute to high absentee rates, increased injury rates, disability rates, and early and unplanned retirement from work.
The relationship between workplace stress and coping behaviors like alcohol and drug abuse, smoking, unhealthy lifestyle choices, and poor sleep leading to increased workplace incidents underscores the importance of treating and managing this occupational hazard.
Our efforts to identify and mitigate these hazards at the organizational level is an ongoing process led by our corporate occupational medicine team in partnership with other key stakeholders in the company. In the wake of COVID-19, we took additional steps to address increased stressors. Learn more in the Diversity, equity, and inclusion section and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
In the wake of COVID-19, we took additional steps to address increased stressors. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 130 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Contractor and visitor environmental, health, and safety 3M requires all visitors, vendors, contingent workers, and contractors at 3M sites to follow all applicable 3M workplace environmental, health, and safety requirements. For example, contractors must complete a prequalification process before they may perform work on 3M premises. This process includes, among other things, reviewing the contractor’s employee injury/illness rates, experience modification rates (EMR), employee training records, and safety committee activities. Contractor performance evaluations include safety reviews. Pre-construction safety reviews address potential hazards and controls related to the work.
Radiation protection 3M’s Corporate Radiation Protection and Compliance group (CRPC) provides hazard evaluations and develops and provides training for both radiation source users, as well as site radiation safety officers, to help protect 3M employees, our customers, and the public. This includes the use of radiation in both manufacturing and R&D — ionizing radiation sources, such as radioactive materials and X-ray emitting devices; and nonionizing radiation sources, such as lasers, microwave and radiofrequency radiation, magnetic fields, and ultraviolet, infrared, and visible light. Periodic program audits evaluate site performance in managing hazards during routine use and maintenance of radiation sources, security of radiation sources, training of personnel, and regulatory compliance.
3M’s Corporate Radiation Protection and Compliance group (CRPC) provides hazard evaluations to help protect 3M employees, our customers, and the public. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 131 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M regional and global lost time incident rate. 
Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours)1 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.6 0.0 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0.5. 
Global. 
Asia Pacific. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada 1 Data may change over time due to case management processes. Past year’s results are not updated.
1.2 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 2.0 1.6 1.8 1.4 0.0. 
Global. 
Asia Pacific. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 3M regional and global recordable incident rate. 
Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours)1 1 Data may change over time due to case management processes. Past year’s results are not updated.
3M global recordable incident rate category. 
Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours)1 0.1 0.3 0.2 0.0 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0.5 0.4. 
Exposure, biological agent. 
Ergonomics. 
Contact with object, equipment. 
Transportation accident. 
Slip, trip, fall. 
Physical agent exposure. 
Noise exposure. 
Miscellaneous. 
Exposure, chemical 1 Data may change over time due to case management processes. Past year’s results are not updated.
Each 3M site has a contractor coordinator who is the main 3M contact for working with contractors on EHS issues. The contractor coordinator is empowered to participate in pre-bid meetings and pre-qualifications for contractors. The contractor coordinator and/or a trained designated representative is on-site and therefore available for contractor meetings and safety reviews whenever necessary and appropriate.
Contractors are asked to submit notification to 3M of worker hours and any injuries occurring while performing work in accordance with a 3M contract. Any contractor incidents are reported in the 3M EHS 360 data management system, including injuries and contractor worker hours.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 132 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Fluoropolymers are critical in electronics and equipment, such as cables and circuit boards, that enable modern innovations like 5G networks. These products’ unique characteristics help prevent signal loss in transmission devices, allowing signals to travel further and reducing infrastructure costs.
• Implantable medical devices, like vascular grafts that can replace damaged vessels, rely on fluoropolymers for their unique performance properties.
What’s 3M’s approach to PFAS regulatory topics? 3M is proactively reducing PFAS discharges at our manufacturing facilities using advanced treatment technology. We’re leading the way among manufacturers globally by developing new ways to engineer and combine water treatment and purification technologies that reduce discharges.
3M regularly engages in discussions with regulators worldwide about the importance of PFAS for innovative products. We believe effective and appropriately tailored regulatory measures can help provide certainty for manufacturers and should be crafted using rigorous science and a full understanding of the many important applications that could be impacted. To learn more about the principles that guide our approach to PFAS regulation, visit our PFAS Regulation and Litigation website.
How is 3M managing current and legacy manufacturing?
As scientific knowledge of PFAS has advanced, so has 3M’s approach to managing and disposing of these substances. In 2000, 3M announced we would phase out of manufacturing PFOS and PFOA, two types of PFAS. While the weight of scientific evidence from decades of research does not show that PFOA or PFOS cause harm in people at current or past levels, we understand there are questions about their management.
We have also voluntarily committed to appropriate PFAS remediation at locations where 3M has produced or disposed of PFAS, as needed. 3M is committed to engaging in this work to achieve our shared goals of strong and sustainable communities. To learn more about 3M’s actions, visit our PFAS Testing & Remediation website and read about Innovating boldly for our enterprise, customers, and communities.
In 2021, 100% of 3M manufacturing sites worldwide had active employee EHS teams.
3M’s Commitment to PFAS Stewardship 3M is committed to sustainability and environmental stewardship in our operations, including those that use per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). To learn more about our corporate commitments related to PFAS and how we are driving progress on this topic, visit 3M’s Commitment to PFAS Stewardship.
What is PFAS?
PFAS refers to a broad category of compounds that encompasses thousands of materials with distinct and widely varying properties and profiles. PFAS are useful in many applications because of their strong carbon-fluorine bond. Today, PFAS are used by a broad range of companies and industries worldwide for their unique performance properties to make innovations like life-saving medical devices and low-emission vehicles possible.
For example: • Data centers that power our connected world consume tremendous amounts of energy. 3M fluids can reduce the energy associated with cooling these facilities, which in turn can reduce facilities’ energy footprint, costs, and impacts on natural resources.
Global Environmental, Health, and Safety Team 3M’s global Environmental, Health, and Safety and Product Stewardship (EHS&PS) organization exists to align the protection of our employees, communities, and customers.
Within this organization is the global EHS team, which is comprised of EHS managers and subject-matter experts who work with site staff to address and solve problems and replicate best practices in our operations. Their diverse range of expertise allows them to provide input to assure application of EHS initiatives that can be effectively implemented at the operational level. During the pandemic, they have also partnered effectively with Global Security and Corporate Occupational Medicine in aligning the rollout of key pandemic responses across all 3M manufacturing sites, distribution centers, offices, and facilities.
As part of our commitment to the education and training of our teams, the global EHS team also supports the professional development of EHS site staff by holding topic-specific meetings and global conferences, as well as by providing scholarships for professional certification training courses. 3M covers fees for professional certification exams, recertification dues, external conferences, and other professional development opportunities.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 133 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
We will continue to drive EHS management programs across all our global manufacturing, supply chain, and R&D operations. This will include our EHS Cultural Acceleration Program, which will continue to evolve and drive meaningful engagement and build trust among our leadership and production teams as they create additional ways for our sites to further reduce risk.
In the coming year, we will adopt an even more granular focus on characterizing process safety hazards at our facilities as we expand our implementation of new risk assessment tools to replace our Hazard Process Evaluation Tool (HazPET). We will also broaden our application of Layers of Protection Analysis (LOPA) to evaluate more safety-critical devices and systems.
Furthermore, we will continue to pursue our environmental goals, which include achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, reducing water use by 25% at our facilities, and enhancing the quality of water returned to the environment after use in 3M manufacturing operations. Toward these aims, we will implement our new Water Management Standard. To learn more, see the Circular materials section.
We will prioritize training and deployment of our Environmental Hazard Assessment (EHA) process tool at select sites across the United States and Canada, and we will continue to leverage our enhanced machine guarding assessment process and new GAP tool to evaluate machine injury risk and support risk-reduction efforts.
3M will continue to follow a centrally coordinated investment approach to mitigate risk and facilitate the implementation of sustainable technologies to align with our Strategic Sustainability Framework. Our work to help reduce the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic will continue in 2022. See how 3M is Helping the world respond to COVID-19.
Our goal is to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 and reduce water use by 25% by 2030 at our facilities. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 134 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
The global economy is at a crossroads. Corporations have an opportunity to embrace new circular business models — ones that are regenerative and that replenish natural resources rather than depleting them. While transitioning away from current linear business models of “take, make, and waste,” businesses could instead measure success based on the ability to accomplish more with fewer resources — keeping products and materials in use, designing out waste and pollution, and restoring natural systems.
At 3M, we see the circular economy as an opportunity to inspire leadership, innovation, and disruptive change across all industries, meeting the needs of current and future generations. This is why Science for Circular is one of three pillars of our Strategic Sustainability Framework, focusing on designing solutions that do more with less material to advance a global circular economy. We believe it is our responsibility to carefully integrate renewable and recycled materials in our products and enhance the circularity of water, packaging, and waste in our operations. It is also our responsibility to be strategic and planful and to mitigate risks related to these materials along the way.
Circular materials Advancing a global circular economy by designing solutions that do more with less material. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 135 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M recognizes packaging as an opportunity to reduce, eliminate, or modify plastic to be more circular — but we don’t stop there. We also believe we can impact plastic usage by innovating product formulations to leverage more sustainable alternatives. To advance these efforts, we are empowering our people to drive priority projects aligned with our plastics goal using foundational tools like our Sustainable Packaging Toolkit and Packaging Recyclability Guide, as well as a Sustainability Starter Guide and a Plastics and Packaging tip sheet.
Plastic pollution is a pressing global challenge, and the production of fossilbased plastics negatively impacts the global climate through the release of greenhouse gas emissions. A study from the Center on International Environmental Law found that by 2050, emissions from the plastic industry will be equivalent to those of 615 coal plants — totaling more than 2.75 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e).1 Compounding the issue is the management of plastic waste. The UN Environment Programme reports that, globally, less than 10% of all plastic waste ever produced has been recycled.2. 
We use plastics and have a responsibility to help address this challenge. As we work toward gaining a better understanding of our total plastic footprint and anticipate future potential regulations, we are accelerating our actions accordingly. The materials and infrastructure that support a global transition away from petroleum-based plastics are undergoing rapid transformation, and there’s palpable momentum for change. We have a clear line of sight on our path forward and have created a measurement system to track our progress toward our new goal.
With these in mind, the committee focuses 3M’s efforts by setting economic, environmental, and social goals that may directly or indirectly influence investment decisions for the company. For more information on risk, see the Enterprise risk section.
Reusable, renewable, and recycled materials 3M continually looks for ways to recover, reuse, and recycle byproducts and other surplus material, and we include renewable and recycled materials in our products when we can. Increasing usage of renewable and recycled raw materials through product design and operational considerations helps us support the circular economy.
We believe the concept of risk appetite and tolerance is an essential component of strategic planning. Our governance includes broad risk oversight by the Board and its committees. Risk analysis is reported to the full Board by both the general auditor and the chief ethics & compliance officer. These are senior vice president positions appointed by, and reporting to, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
The highest level of sustainability risk governance is the responsibility of our Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors. This committee oversees the twin demands of developing products to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers while assuring that those products cause no harm to people or to our planet. The committee’s roles and responsibilities include: • Reviewing the company’s sustainability policies and programs • Reviewing management’s strategy and allocation of resources for research and development activities, including product line extensions and new product platforms • Identifying and analyzing significant emerging science and technology, disruptive innovations, sustainability, materials vulnerability, and geopolitical issues that may impact our overall business strategy, global business continuity, and financial results. 
Globally, less than 10% of all plastic waste ever produced has been recycled2 1 Center for International Environmental Law. https://www.ciel.org/plasticandclimate/ 2 UN environment programme. https://www. unep.org/interactive/beat-plastic-pollution/
Goal: reduce dependence on virgin fossil-based plastics by 125 million pounds by 2025 2025 goal 2021. 
Progress: toward goal of reducing use of virgin fossil-based plastics. 
In 2021, 3M announced a new sustainability goal to reduce 3M’s dependence on virgin fossil-based plastic by 125 million pounds by 2025. We will innovate new solutions for products and packaging in our Consumer Business Group. These solutions will use recycled content and bio-based plastics when appropriate and will ultimately work to decrease our overall virgin, fossil-based plastic use.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 136 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Goal: for 3M’s global manufacturing operations, enhance the quality of water returned to the environment from industrial processes by 20301,2. 
Water stewardship. 
Manufacturing relies on water as an important component and even sometimes as a raw material. However, the current global use of this important resource is straining ecosystems. At 3M, we strive to use technology and expertise to promote a future of “water circularity,” a future where water stress is eliminated, resources are circulated, and nature is regenerated.
Water circularity is the foundation to the aspiration of net positive water impact (NPWI). It represents a vision for how a water user interacts with a basin, its ecosystem, and its communities. Delivering NPWI reduces water stress in three aspects: availability, quality, and accessibility. NPWI is achieved when water contributions exceed impacts on water stress(es) in the same basin. Currently 3M has three water goals around water: efficiency (availability), quality, and scarcity (availability, quality, and access). These three goals chart 3M’s path forward toward NPWI as we continue to improve our operational footprint.
At 3M, we strive to use technology and expertise to promote a future of “water circularity”
Our initial focus is on implementing state-of-the-art water purification technology at the largest water use locations globally and having them fully operational in 2024.
1 By improving the weighted average of priority constituents including select metals, BOD/COD, cyanide compounds, fluoride, total nitrogen, oil & grease, PFAS, solids (TDS/TSS), sulfate, and others.
2 Water used by manufacturing or industrial processes including all water use not defined as domestic (sanitary, cafeteria, etc.).
Goal: engage 100% of water-stressed/scarce communities where 3M manufactures, on community-wide approaches to water management by 2025 2025 goal 2015. 
Progress: maintaining goal of engaging water-stressed/scarce communities 3M will partner with local communities to advance water recycling and conservation. Ultimately, we aim to help these communities build and manage their own clean water efforts into the future.
Evaluation of 3M’s 2021 global manufacturing locations utilized the Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas stress-level screening tool, Aqueduct 3.0. Over 200 3M locations were analyzed, with 17 identified in extremely high water-stressed areas, according to the WRI Aqueduct tool. Manufacturing locations include those with annual water use equal to or greater than 1,000 cubic meters. The 17 locations account for 1.34% of 3M’s total water usage.
Goal: reduce global water usage by the following amounts: 10% by 2022, 20% by 2025, and 25% by 2030, indexed to sales 2022 goal 2019. 
Progress: achieving goal of reducing global water usage. 
In 2015, 3M set a goal to reduce global water usage by 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025. In 2021, we expanded this goal, making immediate steps to drive reductions in water use.
Through collaboration and application of 3M technology, we can bring real, lasting improvements to water availability and quality on a global scale. We recognize that reducing water consumption in our operations and improving water quality are important elements of optimizing our environmental stewardship at a local level and are committed to applying our innovation and expertise to do so.
As a signatory of the UN CEO Water Mandate and a leading member of the Water Resilience Coalition, 3M’s strategy aligns with the six core focus areas outlined by the Mandate and follows UN Sustainable Development Goal 6.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 137 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Packaging 3M’s product diversity, markets, and global multi-channel distribution systems create a complex landscape that does not lend itself to a “one solution fits all” approach for product packaging. While we presently offer some consumer products that are packaged with single-use plastics, our corporate virgin plastic reduction goal demonstrates our focus on moving toward circular packaging. Our Packaging Sustainability Roadmap, originally launched internally in 2020, takes into consideration the requirements and needs that are quickly evolving around the world and our responsibility to meet those needs.
Our roadmap’s top priorities include: • Product protection: Design every package to optimally protect the product from point of manufacture to point of use.
• Efficient packaging: Minimize the amount of material used. Optimize cube utilization at all pack levels. Eliminate all unnecessary packaging.
• Circular packaging: Design packaging to be reusable, recyclable, and/or made with renewable resources. Maximize recycled content of packaging materials.
2025 goal 2015. 
Progress: toward goal of reducing manufacturing waste. 
Goal: reduce manufacturing waste by an additional 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025 3M continues to drive “zero waste” thinking with our product designs and process technologies and will continue material reduction work within our manufacturing operations. Our definition of manufacturing waste for this goal includes materials sent to incineration and landfill.
Goal: achieve zero landfill status at more than 30% of manufacturing sites by 2025. 
Progress: achieving goal of zero landfill status 2025 goal 2015. 
In addition to our waste reduction goal, we plan to increase the repurposing, reusing, and recycling of potential waste materials to divert them from landfill disposal. The intention of our zero landfill goal is to drive our sites to increase product and process optimization, on-site and offsite recycling, and composting.
Waste management. 
We reduce, recover, reuse, and recycle byproducts and other surplus materials in our operations whenever feasible. When not feasible, we responsibly dispose of waste materials.
The 3M Waste Management Standard applies to all 3M sites and provides a framework for managing all waste types from the time of generation until reused, recycled, treated, or disposed. The standard sets a baseline for several core waste program elements and encourages waste minimization and recycling whenever possible.
Per the standard, each 3M site has a waste management coordinator who is responsible for assuring conformance to the standard, including organizing appropriate waste training for all personnel. Compliance with all 3M and other regulated waste requirements is evaluated through our internal environmental auditing program.
Our Disposal of Chemical Waste Standard calls for appropriate management and disposal of chemical waste to manage risks and protect the environment. This includes efforts to reduce the amount and hazards of waste materials generated, to recycle or reuse those materials whenever practical, and to control waste disposal through final disposition.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 138 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Zero landfill. 
Based on our research, we’ve chosen a holistic definition: at 3M, zero landfill means no byproduct is sent directly to a landfill from a 3M manufacturing site in a calendar year. A site will continue to be a zero landfill site as long as no manufacturing operations waste is sent to a landfill. Waste, as defined here, does not include ash generated from 3M material sent to a waste-to-energy or incineration site controlled by a third party. Each site reports its waste data in a corporate database each quarter. The data from select sites and at the corporate level is third-party validated. Sites seeking zero landfill status are also required to complete an internal assessment to assure accurate reporting.
By the end of 2021, 45.2% of 3M sites had attained zero landfill status. As we monitor progress toward this goal, sites listed may fluctuate due to site closures, acquisitions, consolidations, or sites missing zero landfill requirements. Six additional sites achieved zero landfill status in 2021: Athlone, Ireland; Banska, Slovakia; Bridgend, United Kingdom; Indianapolis (Zionsville), Indiana; Kerkrade, Netherlands; and Monroe, North Carolina.
Our actions. 
Circularity in our operations. 
Reusable, renewable, and recyclable materials in our operations. 
While reducing waste is the first choice in the hierarchy of waste management options, other possibilities, such as reusing, recycling, and composting, can also fuel the circular economy by getting more out of our materials and allowing them to continue into their next life. As our sites identify opportunities to divert material streams, such as reusing byproduct in our operations, we continue to protect 3M’s reputation by carefully managing waste. We set up contracts with our waste management vendors to confirm that our material is handled appropriately. In 2021, 3M partnered with a leading disposal company to manage our waste streams more efficiently, and we announced the closure of our incinerator.
Water conservation in our operations 3M’s total water usage includes sanitary, process, heating, cooling, remediation, and other sources. Water usage data is tracked and reported annually on a global basis for manufacturing sites that produce greater than 4.54 metric tons (10,000 pounds) of product per year. The reported data accounts for 98.9% of transfer value of shipments (TVOS).
3M has taken action to decrease total water consumption by 49.4% between 2005 and 2021 indexed to corporatewide net sales. In two of our largest manufacturing water usage locations, we accelerated our 2021 ambitions. We are ahead of plan for our 2022 water usage goal, with greater than 10% reduction. An example of our efforts helping us achieve our goal was in Decatur, Alabama, where we commenced a water recirculation project mid-year. In Cordova, Illinois, we recently broke ground to add new filtration technology. In addition, advances in data analytics capabilities are expanding visibility, accuracy, and opportunity for innovation in our monitoring and measurement efforts.
For more information, see Innovating boldly for our enterprise, customers, and communities. By the end of 2021, 45.2% of 3M sites had attained zero landfill status. 
Global water withdrawal 2021 percentage. 
Reduced global water usage indexed to sales by 10.7% since 2019, ahead of our 2022 goal. 
Groundwater 63.0%
Other sources 1.63%
Public municipal 28.0%
Surface 7.44%
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 139 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Evaluation of 3M’s 2021 water availability/scarcity global locations utilized the updated Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas stress-level screening tool, Aqueduct 3.0. Out of over 200 locations, 17 were identified in extremely high water-stressed areas. Focusing on a prioritized approach to water stress basins, in August 2021 3M joined the Water Resilience Coalition (WRC) leadership committee. Led by the U.N. CEO Water Mandate, an initiative of the U.N. Global Compact, coalition members commit to having a positive impact in water-stressed basins, to develop and implement resilient practices across their industry, and to provide leadership and advocacy in the field of water resilience.
Throughout 2022, we will continue to work with the WRC aligning established methodologies that can be measured via both short- and longterm, through collective action within prioritized basins.
Packaging in our operations. 
To support our circularity efforts, we continue to work internally and with our suppliers to reduce, reuse, or recycle the packaging of raw materials we receive. Even one change in a material we use can have profound impacts over time if it enables continued reuse.
For example, prior to 2021, we used wooden crates to ship large jumbo rolls of semi-finished goods (within our 3M Transportation Safety Division) from one of our sites in the U.S. to another 3M site in Brazil. After changing to reusable metal crates in 2021, we have been able to eliminate 6.46 metric tons of wood from the waste stream per year.
Global water usage. 
Million cubic meters 10 30 40 50 20 2017 2015 2019 2020 2021 2018 2010 2005 0. 
Indexed global water usage. 
Million cubic meters per MM $USD net sales 0.0005 0.0020 0.0025 0.0015 0.0010 2017 2019 2020 2021 2018 2010 2015 2005 0.0000. 
India (four) Mexico (four)
United States (three)
Turkey (two)
France (one)
Saudi Arabia (one)
Spain (one)
Thailand (one) 3M locations in scope for the 2025 Sustainability water-stressed/scarce communities goal1 1 1.34% of 3M’s total water usage located in extremely high stressed areas. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 140 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Global waste. 
Metric tons per MM $USD net sales 2.0 5.0 6.0 7.0 1.0 3.0 4.0 0 2015 2018 2019 2020 2021 2017 2010 2005. 
Global waste by disposal type. 
Metric tons 60,000 20,000 80,000 40,000 120,000 140,000 100,000 180,000 160,000 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0. 
Landfilled. 
Treatment, incineration. 
In our European operations, we changed the transport packaging of a semi-finished good within our 3M Advanced Materials Division going from a 3M site in Belgium to another 3M site in Germany. This project eliminated corrugated boxes, plastic film and foam materials, and pallets — by leveraging collapsible, reusable plastic crates that were returned for reuse in our Belgium site. These crates have an average of 76% recycled content (post-consumer and post-industrial) and after use can be recycled. The crates are estimated to have a lifetime of several years. If we estimate only 30 uses in its lifetime, this improvement will have eliminated 15 metric tons of corrugated boxes, 14 metric tons of single-use plastic, and 10 metric tons of wooden packaging in 2021.
By identifying and acting on these types of opportunities, we create foundational precedents that will continue to yield results for the foreseeable future.
Waste reduction in our operations. 
Within each geographic area, results are reviewed regularly against goals and tracking metrics. Specialized teams work on a variety of projects and programs, ranging from basic office recycling to more complex projects, such as developing and capturing byproducts generated by a manufacturing line. Through an evaluation process, material reduction benefits and risks are reviewed. 3M corporate systems measure progress toward waste reduction goals for our sites with total output greater than 4.54 metric tons per year (10,000 pounds), representing 98.9% of transfer value of shipments (TVOS). The results and raw data are used to identify, quantify, and prioritize projects to improve, utilizing Lean Six Sigma (LSS) methodology. We are continuing to move toward automated and real-time tracking to give us a deeper understanding of where our efforts would be best directed.
Starting in 2016, waste no longer includes waste-to-energy.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 141 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Circularity in our products. 
Since 2019, we’ve required every product entering our new product commercialization process to have a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) to contribute to the aspirations laid out in our Strategic Sustainability Framework. When teams determine the SVC for a new product, they consider factors such as reusability; recyclability; and energy, waste, and water savings appropriate to the specific product throughout its life cycle. In addition to these efforts, we are actively exploring data collection systems to help us calculate additional circularity metrics for our products to give us a better understanding of their impact. For more information, see the Innovation management section.
Reusable, renewable, and recyclable materials in our products. 
We develop durable, reusable products and create products for our customers using renewable or recycled materials. Examples include more durable products like our Scotch-Brite® Swift Scrub that outlasts four eraser pads* and alternatives to plastic products like our Scotch™ Cushion Lock™ Protective Wrap that is both recyclable and made from 100% recycled paper.
* Compared to Mr. Clean® Magic Eraser Extra Durable pads on tough soils. Mr. Clean Magic Eraser is a trademark of The Procter & Gamble Company.
Here are some examples of how we continue to reduce waste in our operations.
3M Pollution Prevention Pays (3P)
An industry first, 3M’s 3P program, developed in 1975, is based on the belief that a prevention approach to pollution is more environmentally effective, more socially acceptable, and more economical than treatment. In the last 46 years, the program has prevented $2.85 million short tons of pollutants and saved over $2.34 billion, based on aggregated data from the first year of each 3P project.
Our waste reduction results. 
Between 2015 and 2021, 3M has reduced the amount of material sent for landfill and incineration by 8.83%, indexed to net sales. We have decreased our waste, indexed to net sales, by 30.6% since 2005. Composting materials from our manufacturing sites is an extremely small component of our manufacturing operations. 3M does not have any waste streams that are managed by deep well injection. 3M is also dedicated to operating in accordance with all regulations and managing waste materials safely and responsibly. All 3M sites are required to manage all returned, recycled, and waste materials from the time of generation until reused, recycled, treated, or disposed.
3P global pollution prevention achievements: 1975-2021. 
First year total pollution prevention cumulative totals, short tons 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2,500,000 2,000,000 3,000,000 1,500,000 1,000,000 500,000 0. 
Total water pollution prevented �
Total air pollution prevented. 
Total waste pollution prevented 2021 150,000 50,000 200,000 350,000 250,000 100,000 300,000 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0. 
Waste-toenergy. 
Offsite recycle. 
Offsite reuse*
Onsite recycle + reuse*
Global waste diversion by type. 
Metric tons * Does not include on-site recycle and reuse and offsite reuse from 3M’s industrial mineral product (IMP) division.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 142 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


In 2021, we further enhanced this toolkit by introducing a Packaging Recyclability Guide. This guide uses references from global industrial aids and presents them in an easy-to-use format in order to simplify selection of recyclable materials in different packaging components. Ultimately, this will help us standardize our packaging design around a focus on circularity.
Increasing recyclability of our plastic packaging. 
In 2021, we continued to replace PVC plastic packaging around the world in favor of more circular solutions. In our North American operations, we continued to convert PVC blister packaging to recycled PET in some of the products in our branded lines such as Nexcare™, 3M™ Bondo®, and 3M™ Scotchlite™. This not only increased the recycled content of our plastic packaging, but it also increased the recyclability potential since PET is more readily accepted at recycling facilities than PVC. These efforts resulted in an additional 23.5 metric tons of plastic being available for recycling, rather than ending up in a landfill.
In the Asia Pacific market, we changed the packaging in a 3M automotive product from a black PVC bottle with a PVC label to a red HDPE bottle without a film label, both helping to improve the recyclability of the packaging. This resulted in over 64,000 PVC bottles (1.57 metric tons) being converted to a more recyclable package.
To support our circularity efforts, we work to select packaging materials that can be recycled after use rather than discarded on land or in waterways. We also continue to increase recycled content, make our packaging easier to recycle, encourage reusable packaging where appropriate, and increase the use of renewable materials. In 2020, we launched our Packaging Sustainability Roadmap internally, with a special focus on circular package design. At the time, we provided training for all packaging engineers using a newly developed toolkit. The toolkit provides clear definitions of circularity terms and highlights which packaging materials to select in terms of increasing recycled content, designing for reusability and recyclability, and transitioning to renewable packaging materials.
In 2021, we achieved a 18.5-millionpound reduction in the use of virgin fossil-based plastic in our packaging and products toward our goal of 125 million pounds by 2025. We’ve incorporated recycled and bio-based materials and reduced plastic use in products and packaging such as Scotch® Tapes and Dispensers, Scotch-Brite® Sponges, Meguiar’s® Packaging, 3M™ Workspace Solutions, 3M™ Thinsulate™ Insulation and more.
Water conservation and quality designed into our products 3M innovation makes a wide range of water-saving and water-quality improvement products possible for residential, commercial food service, and industrial water filtration settings. 3M Residential Water Filtration products address common water quality concerns, such as sediment and chlorine taste and odor. Some products also reduce contaminants and help protect pipes by reducing scale. For more information, see 3M.com/water.
Packaging for our products. 
Our long-standing commitment to efficient packaging design assures products are protected with a minimal amount of packaging materials. We remove and lightweight packaging materials and maximize product-topackage ratios (removing as much empty air space as possible from the package). In 2021, our packaging reduction efforts resulted in a decrease of more than 770 metric tons.
pound reduction in the use of virgin fossil-based plastic in our packaging and products 18.5M. 
In 2021, we achieved an. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 143 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Circularity in our communities. 
Reusable, renewable, and recyclable materials in our communities. 
Surplus material from one business may be the raw material for another business. When we expand outside our own value chain, the opportunities can be endless. In 2021, we continued our company-wide strategy on reuse, reduction, and internal recycling as well as collaboration with our own technical community, channel partners, and civic and conservation leaders in communities where 3M operates.
Ellen MacArthur Foundation. 
In 2021, 3M renewed our membership with the Ellen MacArthur Foundation to accelerate the movement toward using recycled and renewable raw materials in our product and package designs. Within 3M, multiple crossfunctional circular economy working groups focus on different areas, including polymers, chemicals, packaging, cloths/fibers, and other key materials. We also collaborate with fellow Foundation members to help drive greater global impact through the initiative.
Reducing our packaging using web support. 
One of our product lines in AsiaPacific is reusable respirators. Typically, these respirators included a paper instruction insert with each product. In 2021, we redesigned the primary package by eliminating this paper instruction sheet and printing a link to the 3M web page where these instructions could be found. This eliminated 11.8 metric tons of paper at the time of paper manufacturing as well as the need to recycle or dispose of the paper after use.
Waste reduction designed into our products. 
Our product development teams strive to design products using less material when they can, with an eye on reducing waste. Examples include products that do more with less material, like our modular Filtrete™ Air Purifiers. They allow for the sharing of many parts, like one filter that fits all devices, and they were redesigned to allow for the removal of a foam gasket and carboard frame. For more examples, see the Our products section.
Another example comes from Europe, where we increased the recycled content of our plastic LDPE film used to package painter’s tape from 0% to 50% PCR, without increasing the weight. This affected 118 products and resulted in an estimated 208 metric tons of LDPE containing at least 50% PCR.
We continue to address our plastics in packaging by removing and lightweighting where we can and increasing the use of recycled materials. In 2021, we designed out 310 metric tons of virgin fossil-based plastic from our packaging.
We continue to design circularity into our packaging up front for new products, too. For example, in 2021, we redesigned the packaging of one of our new Post-it® products in Europe to remove any plastic film. Instead of using polypropylene plastic shrink film as the packaging material, we moved to a paperboard package made from 100% post-consumer recycled (PCR) content.
Increasing recycled content in our plastic packaging. 
We are implementing projects that increase the recycled content of our plastic packaging. For example, in 2021, the packaging of rigid plastic bottles within our Automotive Aftermarket Division in Latin America changed from virgin HDPE to HDPE made from 100% PCR material. This project was initiated in late 2021 and affected over 54,500 bottles (2 metric tons) at that time. It could potentially affect over 200,000 bottles (8 metric tons) annually.
Increasing recycled content in our plastic packaging affected over bottles 54,000 11.8 metric tons of paper were eliminated through redesigned packaging of one of our reusable respirator product lines. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 144 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The Recycling Partnership. 
In the U.S., 3M continued to engage with The Recycling Partnership in 2021 through financial support and representation as a corporate partner. The Recycling Partnership uses public-private partnerships to improve residents’ access to recycling at the local level. The Recycling Partnership operates at every level of the recycling value chain and works on the ground with thousands of communities to transform underperforming recycling programs with cart and truck grants, education, and technical support to tackle circular economy challenges.
3M’s commitment to The Recycling Partnership helped support numerous projects across the country, as well as the organization’s newest report — Paying It Forward2 — which outlines what it will take to create a healthy U.S. recycling system, and the dividends that investment will deliver.
Based on 2021 impact metrics, 3M’s continued support of The Recycling Partnership’s mission and work to transform the U.S. recycling system has contributed to a cumulative impact of 2,424 communities being supported with tools and resources to help drive local change; 105 million households reached; 1 million recycling carts put into service to improve access for families; and 494 million pounds of recyclables diverted, thereby avoiding 544,000 metric tons of greenhouse gases (GHGs) emissions, cumulatively.
2 Paying it Forward: How Investment in Recycling Will Pay Dividends. https://recyclingpartnership. org/read-paying-it-forward/ 3M’s financial support in this collaboration enabled the first-of-itskind comparative analysis of different advanced recycling technologies and systems-level environmental impact analysis that highlights the technologies’ potential opportunities and risks. The report, Transitioning to a Circular System for Plastics: Assessing Molecular Recycling Technologies in the United States and Canada,1 summarizes the key findings and was downloaded more than 1,200 times in less than a month after its release in November 2021. It has quickly become a global resource for investors, the petrochemical industry, environmental NGOs, and policymakers to understand a nuanced and nascent sector and supports data-backed decision-making that drives toward sustainable and circular outcomes.
1 Transitioning to a Circular System for Plastics: Assessing Molecular Recycling Technologies in the United States and Canada. https://www. closedlooppartners.com/closed-loop-partnersreleases-first-of-its-kind-report-evaluating-therole-of-molecular-recycling-technologies-inaddressing-plastic-waste/
Closed Loop Partners. 
The sheer diversity and volume of plastics in our system today, from textiles to packaging to electronics, means that no single sector, technology, or approach can solve the plastics waste challenge entirely or quickly enough. From 2020-2021, 3M partnered with Closed Loop Partners, the Center for the Circular Economy, and other industry and NGO partners in an 18-month research collaboration that examined the financial viability, environmental impacts, and human health risks of diverse advanced recycling processes.
3M’s continued support of The Recycling Partnership’s mission and work to transform the U.S. recycling system has contributed to a cumulative impact of 494M pounds of recyclables diverted 105M households reached 544,000 metrics tons of greenhouse gases (GHGs) emissions avoided 1M recycling carts put into service to improve access 2,420 communities supported with tools and resources to help drive local change. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 145 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Water conservation and quality in our communities. 
In our communities, our sites aim to conserve water. Building a water- resilient world for our communities, our ecosystems, our companies, and the global economy is the vision of the Water Resilience Coalition, which 3M joined in 2021 to serve on the leadership committee. “3M is proactively applying our science and innovation to improve the water supply used in our operations and the communities we serve,” said 3M CEO Mike Roman.
One example of this is 3M’s Tonawanda site in New York. From May 2020 to April 2021, the site was able to save more than 12 million gallons of water by installing a secondary clarifier to reduce wastewater discharges.
Recycling through the lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion deserves focused attention and mission-aligned philanthropic support to create a more comprehensive and just system nationwide.
Association of Plastic Recyclers. 
In 2021, 3M re-joined the Association of Plastic Recyclers, which promotes the advancement and development of the plastics recycling industry by providing leadership for sustained long-term industry growth. As a participant, we collaborate with plastics recycling experts that help us and other brand owners keep a pulse on the latest insights, design guidelines, and forecasts to help us design for recyclability, which further reduces reliance on fossil-based virgin plastic resins as more recycled resin is harvested for use in new components.
Sustainable Growth Coalition. 
We are one of 30 businesses and organizations that formed the Sustainable Growth Coalition (formerly the Minnesota Sustainable Growth Coalition). The Coalition’s Circularity Guiding Principles center on rebuilding a stronger, more resilient economy as we look to recover from the pandemic and build equity and community inclusion into sustainability efforts.
3M’s 2020 contribution to the Recycling Inclusion Fund allowed The Recycling Partnership to update its existing education and outreach photos, videos, and images to include more diverse representation. These updated resources will be used by thousands of communities across the U.S., now reflecting the diverse communities that they serve. 3M’s initial contribution also supported foundational research, continued in 2021, to identify where people are being underserved by recycling service and what is needed to address the inequity of recycling access and participation in the U.S. This research is crucial to building inclusive tools, resources, and interventions to ensure all people can recycle in the U.S., regardless of race or socioeconomic status.
The Recycling Partnership’s Recycling Inclusion Fund is dedicated to delivering an equitable recycling system for all people. 
The Recycling Inclusion Fund. 
In 2020, 3M provided the initial investment of $100,000 to launch The Recycling Partnership’s Recycling Inclusion Fund, which is dedicated to delivering an equitable recycling system for all people. Specifically, the Recycling Inclusion Fund focuses on three key areas: 1) research to identify the state of recycling access and participation, and the barriers and needs in Black, Indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC) communities across the U.S., 2) recycling access and education to reach and empower BIPOC populations with recycling and education resources that meet their needs, and 3) leadership training programs to build a diverse talent pipeline for the recycling industry.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 146 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


In 2020 and 2021, our 3M Impact Local program collaborated with Ecoins, a social enterprise that aims to promote recycling through an incentive system. With presence in Costa Rica, Panama, Peru, Guatemala, Colombia, and El Salvador, Ecoins awards its “eco currency” to participants who clean, dry, and separate their recyclable materials. They can exchange Ecoins for discounts on sustainable products and services from participating businesses. Consumers are then motivated to proactively separate and recycle waste in the community.
Sharing knowledge. 
Collaboration takes many forms. Our packaging team is committed to sharing its knowledge with the external community to create a collaborative network that will accelerate packaging circularity. This is demonstrated by engaging and participating in industry panels as well as guest lectures at universities and colleges.
Waste reduction in our communities 3M Impact and Ecoins® 3M Impact is a skills-based service program where employees lend their business skills, experience, and energy to make a difference in global communities, while also developing leadership, problem-solving, and interpersonal communication skills. Every 3M Impact project aligns to our Strategic Sustainability Framework of Science for Circular, Science for Climate, or Science for Community.
Packaging in our communities. 
Sustainable Packaging Coalition®
The Sustainable Packaging Coalition (SPC) is a membership-based collaborative led by an independent nonprofit organization that believes in the power of industry to make packaging more sustainable. 3M is an active participant in this organization and has had a member on the executive committee for the maximum three-year term, which ended in December 2021. The executive committee provides perspective and expertise on industry trends, acts as ambassadors for the SPC, and provides strategic guidance on issues related to SPC goals and activities.
How2Recycle® labels 3M became a member of the How2Recycle program in June 2018. This program was designed by GreenBlue’s Sustainable Packaging Coalition to provide consumers with clear instructions for recycling packaging materials.
Today, over 225 brands and retailers have joined the effort to educate consumers on packaging recyclability by providing clear on-package instructions. This membership supports 3M’s efforts to improve the sustainability of our products and packaging. Within the 3M Consumer Business Group, we continue to expand the use of How2Recycle labels on more packages every year.
At the end of 2020, the 3M team worked with the Ecoins team on the migration of the organization’s technology platform for greater account security, increased transparency, and speedy and traceable transactions. After the success of 3M Impact Local engagement, the 3M team continued to collaborate with Ecoins on community waste recycling. In 2021, with the fast expansion of this business model, Ecoins sought support from 3M on identifying performance indicators for the franchises that will allow the business to grow in a sustainable way. To learn more about 3M Impact, see the Communities section.
Our packaging team is committed to sharing its knowledge to create a collaborative network, accelerating packaging circularity. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 147 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
As we celebrate the progress we have made in driving implementation of our new goals for reducing our reliance on fossil-based plastic and improving global water quality and efficiency, we recognize there is still more work ahead. In the coming year, we will continue to explore ways to incorporate more priorities for circularity and climate across all of our business decisions. Using our Strategic Sustainability Framework, we will apply our scientific expertise to continue to focus our efforts to improve the lives of our employees, our customers, and people throughout the world.
Within the Science for Circular pillar of our framework, we will continue to focus on initiatives that will create a more circular economy, driving solutions in our operations, in our products, and in communities everywhere. In our operations, 3M will continue to mitigate waste-tolandfill through the reduction, reuse, and recycling of our surplus materials; invest in tools to improve our data on the materials that make up our products and packaging; act on key projects to improve global water quality and efficiency, aligned to our 2021 commitments; and work with suppliers to reduce or reuse surplus materials from packaging of our raw materials.
For our customers, we will develop and launch products that will help them reach their sustainability goals by increasing our use of recycled raw materials. We will create reusable, renewable, and/or recyclable products and packaging, aligned to our 2021 commitment. We will help reduce our customers’ water usage and waste through the use of our products. We will continue to adapt our Packaging Sustainability Roadmap to align with rapidly-evolving global policies and regulations — such as those regarding single-use plastics — and implement it to improve circularity in our packaging. Within our communities, we will continue to focus on advocacy, support, and collaborations in our efforts to fuel a global circular economy.
This includes working with water leaders in communities where 3M operates to help improve water availability and quality, and aspiration toward a net positive water impact (NPWI). Get updates and learn more about our ongoing work aligning to the 3M Strategic Sustainability Framework.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 148 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment 3M has long been a leader in addressing both challenges and opportunities presented by climate change and energy conservation. Our proactive leadership is best defined by six areas of action: • Executive-level commitment to these important topics and our related principles, policies, commitments, and risk-mitigation planning efforts, including membership in RE100, the global corporate initiative committed to 100% renewable electricity by 2050 • Collaborations with organizations that are committed to the important work of addressing climate change, including the Global Alliance for Sustainable Energy, TPG Rise Climate, the Task Force on ClimateRelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) • Industry-leading efforts to measure and reduce our own greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, including a goal to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050 • Extensive public policy engagement on both climate change and energy conservation • A decade’s-long track record of improving energy efficiency at our sites • Serving our customers through a wide range of innovative products that help them improve energy efficiency and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. 
Climate and energy Science-based innovation to address climate change and conserve energy 2050 3M’s goal is to achieve carbon neutrality by. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 149 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M endorses voluntary approaches to GHG emissions management. Any mandatory GHG emission reductions should be developed through international negotiations and follow these policy principles: • Apply broadly to countries or groups of countries and GHG emission sources • Be guided by science-based decision-making • Utilize a consistent, market- based approach • Encourage investment and protect intellectual property to facilitate technology breakthroughs • Include provisions for carbon emissions trading and/or alternative investment and compliance programs • Provide full credit for early reductions in GHG emissions. 
Public policy engagement 3M supports the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations for helping businesses disclose climate-related financial information. We recognize the need for corporations to have an increased focus on and transparency of financial risks related to climate change. In 2021, 3M announced an expected investment of approximately $1 billion over the next 20 years to support environmental goals including achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. Additionally, we continue to advance the speed and accuracy of our reporting capabilities for important climate-related topics like GHG emissions to help gather timely feedback and inform our decisionmaking. Our climate risk process, as described in the following section, includes disclosures recommended by TCFD.
In the years following the release of the 2018 IPCC report, we have continued to follow and adopt the latest science, including additional modeling data on global warming potential and changing atmospheric CO2 levels. As new information is published and shared, such as the IPCC AR6 Climate Change 2021: The Physical Science Basis Report,2 we continue to refine our understanding of a variety of climate issues and reposition our climate strategy. Our commitment extends to participating in research, helping author IPCC guidelines, and prioritizing the review of new IPCC guidance as soon as it is released.
1 Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5ºC (Report). Incheon, South Korea: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). 7 October 2018.
2 IPCC, 2021: Climate Change 2021: The Physical Science Basis. Contribution of Working Group I to the Sixth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change [Masson-Delmotte, V., P. Zhai, A. Pirani, S.L. Connors, C. Péan, S. Berger, N. Caud, Y. Chen, L. Goldfarb, M.I. Gomis, M. Huang, K. Leitzell, E. Lonnoy, J.B.R. Matthews, T.K. Maycock, T. Waterfield, O. Yelekçi, R. Yu, and B. Zhou (eds.)]. Cambridge University Press. In Press.
Executive-level commitment. 
We are committed to innovate to decarbonize industry, accelerate climate solutions, and improve our environmental footprint. This commitment is part of the Science for Climate pillar of our Strategic Sustainability Framework. As a science-based company, 3M uses the World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard to set GHG emission reduction targets. For this reason, we have acted on the findings of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C to set our goals and actions.1 This report, prepared by 91 authors from 40 countries and based on over 6,000 scientific references, finds that limiting global warming to 1.5°C (2.7°F) above pre-industrial temperatures would require “deep emissions reductions” and “rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes in all aspects of society.” Achieving this goal also would “reduce challenging impacts on ecosystems, human health, and well-being.” 3M supports the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations for helping businesses disclose climaterelated financial information. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 150 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Risk-mitigation planning. 
Severe weather and long-term trends could affect 3M’s operations and supply chain. To address these and other risks, 3M maintains a formal Enterprise Risk Management Analysis to review enterprise-level risk. Additionally, 3M Global Security facilitates a Business Continuity Program and planning processes as well as a Crisis Management Program to coordinate the efforts of businesses, functions, and local incident management and response teams, worldwide.
Corporate, functional, and local plans consider the risk of natural disasters, infectious disease, employee safety, protection of assets, customer service, and other business continuity requirements. See 3M’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A for risk factors applicable to the company. Additional details on our climate risk process can be found in the following table (next page).
• Balance multiple country-level priorities, including energy reliability and independence, national security, and economic growth and employment • Include provisions that promote the efficient allocation of emissions reductions and assure all sectors contribute to reduction targets, with the effect of allowing fair competition and avoiding market distortions within industrial sectors or across national boundaries 3M is actively engaged in public policy development to address climate change concerns. In addition, we’ve remained committed to aligning with the latest findings by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) since 2005.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 151 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Climate risk process. 
Governance The highest level of climate risk governance is the responsibility of the 3M Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors. The committee oversees the twin demands of developing products to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers while ensuring that those products cause no harm to people or to our planet. The committee’s roles and responsibilities include reviewing the company’s policies and programs on sustainability and assisting the Board in identifying and analyzing significant emerging science and technology, disruptive innovations, sustainability, materials vulnerability, and geopolitical issues that may impact the company’s overall business strategy, global business continuity, and financial results.
Specific to enterprise risk, the 3M Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has the responsibility to discuss policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management, the company’s major risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate such exposures. For the purpose of discussing climate-related risks, “substantive financial impact” means an event or circumstance that would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or operations of 3M and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole.
Integration into enterprise risk 3M operates in more than 70 countries and derives approximately 60% of its revenues from outside the United States. Our company’s results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade, and other external conditions.
Climate change, as well as related environmental and social regulations, may negatively impact 3M or its customers and suppliers in terms of availability and cost of natural resources, sources and supply of energy, product demand and manufacturing, and the health and well-being of individuals and communities in which we operate.
Additional details on our enterprise risk assessments can be found in the Enterprise risk and Leading with purpose sections of this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A.
Timeframes Short-term, 0–1 years Medium-term, 1–5 years Long-term, 5+ years. 
Board oversight 3M’s Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for providing the general oversight of the scientific and technological aspects of 3M Company’s businesses and the Company’s sustainability and stewardship activities.
The 3M Audit Committee of the Board of Directors discusses policies and procedures with respect to risk assessment and risk management, the company’s major risk exposures, and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate such exposures.
Frequency on Board’s agenda 3M’s Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors meets with the frequency, and at intervals, it determines necessary to carry out its duties and responsibilities, but in any case, not less than three times a year. In 2021, the committee met monthly.
The 3M Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets with the frequency, and at intervals, it determines necessary to carry out its duties and responsibilities, but in any case, not less than four times a year.
Corporate officer’s oversight. 
In addition to the members of the 3M’s Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors, the 3M CEO has the highest level of direct responsibility for assessing and managing climate-related issues. The CEO carries on the company’s history of proactive leadership in addressing both the challenges and the opportunities presented by climate change and energy conservation.
3M’s executive-level Corporate Environmental Responsibility and Sustainability Committee (ERSC) provides leadership, oversight, and strategy to encourage and assure sustainability opportunities are recognized. They develop and monitor adherence with sustainability-related policies and procedures. This committee includes 3M’s CEO, CFO, CTO & EVP Environmental Responsibility, Group President Enterprise Operations, EVP & Chief HR Officer, EVP & Chief Legal Affairs Officer, SVP & Chief Strategy Officer, and EVP Country Governance & Services.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 152 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Climate risk process. 
Identification and assessment. 
Managing risk requires integrating a multidisciplinary, company-wide risk identification, assessment, and management process. The senior vice president and general auditor, Corporate Auditing, whose appointment and performance is reviewed and evaluated by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, is responsible for leading the formal risk assessment and management process within the company.
Climate risk prioritization associated with physical impact such as floods, drought, water scarcity, and shifting precipitation patterns is conducted annually for 3M’s global manufacturing through the World Resource Institute’s (WRI) Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas stress-level screening tool, Aqueduct 3.0. Baseline and future scenarios analysis includes “optimistic” with emissions peaking and declining by 2040 with emissions constrained to stabilize at ~650 ppm CO2 and temperatures to 1.1–2.6°C by 2100; “business as usual” representing a world with stable economic development and rising global carbon emissions with CO2 concentrations reaching ~1370 ppm by 2100 and global mean temperatures increasing by 2.6–4.8°C relative to 1986–2005 levels; and “pessimistic” with steady rising global carbon emissions with CO2 concentrations reaching ~1370 ppm by 2100 and global mean temperatures increasing by 2.6–4.8°C relative to 1986– 2005 levels.
Based on our analysis of physical risks to individual 3M manufacturing sites, none are deemed to create overall enterprise risk due, in part, to the diversity of 3M’s global capabilities and our business continuity planning efforts.
Frequency of monitoring 3M continually evaluates aspects of risk. The senior vice president, general auditor, consulting with the company’s senior management, annually assesses the major risks facing the company and works with those executives responsible for managing each specific risk. The senior vice president, general auditor periodically reviews with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors the major risks facing the company and the steps management has taken to monitor and mitigate those risks. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets no less than four times a year.
3M will assess climate-related risks as a part of our analysis of physical risk to our manufacturing as climate modeling advances and as acquisitions or divestitures require. 3M’s Business Continuity Program and planning processes and our Crisis Management Program help manage risks facing the company’s physical operations, supply chains, and workforce. Programs are reviewed at least annually. In addition, the 3M Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors meets not less than three times a year, and in 2021, met monthly.
In addition to our Board of Directors’ Committees, climate risk is reviewed throughout the year within our executive-level Corporate Environmental Responsibility and Sustainability Committee (ERSC) and our Science for Climate Leadership Team.
Risk factors Regulatory 3M continually evaluates aspects of regulatory risk during regular business interactions, including new product development and continuous business improvement. 3M’s operations are affected by national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations around the world. 3M has made, and plans to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 3M is also involved in remediation actions relating to environmental matters from past operations at certain sites.
Technology 3M’s four business groups bring together common or related 3M technologies, enhancing the development of innovative products and services and providing for efficient sharing of business resources. We have operations in over 70 countries, bringing together a combination of our 51 unique Technology Platforms to produce over 55,000 products, which are sold in nearly every country. Risks related to technology are identified and mitigated through our New Technology Introduction (NTI) framework, New Product Introduction (NPI) process, and continuous improvement program.
This product diversity enables 3M to identify unique solutions to help solve our customers’ challenges. In 2021, 3M invested $1.99 billion in research and development to build upon our existing technologies to find innovative solutions to our customers’ challenges. This unique combination of diversity and investment enables 3M to remain on the cutting edge of science while supporting our customers’ future needs as the climate changes. In addition, since 2019, we require each new product entering our NPI process to have a Sustainability Value Commitment demonstrating how it drives impact for the greater good.
Legal The company’s future results may be affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings and legal compliance risks, including those involving product liability, antitrust, intellectual property, environmental, tax, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other antibribery laws, and other matters. The outcome of these legal proceedings is often difficult to reliably predict. For a more detailed review of this topic, see the discussion in Note 16 “Commitments and Contingencies” within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in 3M’s Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 153 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Climate risk process. 
Risk factors Market Results are impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, political, regulatory, international trade, and other external conditions. 3M operates in more than 70 countries and derives approximately 60% of its revenues from outside the United States. The company’s business is subject to global competition and geopolitical risks that are beyond its control, such as disruptions in financial markets, economic downturns, government actions impacting international trade agreements, imposing trade restrictions such as tariffs and retaliatory countermeasures, inflation, government deficit reduction and other austerity measures in specific countries or regions, or in the various industries in which 3M operates.
Reputation Our customers rely on 3M to work together to help solve the world’s greatest challenges, all with the aim of transforming businesses and improving lives. We are defined by more than just what we make — we are defined by how we do business: the 3M Way, always striving to make the right choices for our company and our customers and protecting our reputation in all we do in accordance with our Code of Conduct.
Physical (acute and chronic)
Every year, local incident management teams at every 3M site and international subsidiary must review and update their Business Resilience Plan to reflect current conditions. They also perform a tabletop incident response exercise. 3M Corporate Auditing and Global Security monitor site compliance with the Crisis Management Program. For more information, see the Enterprise risk section.
Upstream 3M depends on various components, compounds, raw materials, and energy (including oil and natural gas and their derivatives) supplied by third parties for the manufacturing of 3M products. Supplier relationships have been and could be interrupted in the future due to supplier material shortage, climate impacts, natural or other disasters, and other disruptive events, or be terminated. Risks from upstream suppliers are identified at the product level through the New Product Introduction (NPI) and continuous improvement processes at 3M. An on-site assessment of a supplier may be conducted by 3M or a third party, and any deficiencies are ultimately corrected through a Supplier Responsibility Code Corrective Action Preventive Action (CAPA) process.
3M mitigates supply chain risks through a variety of management practices, including multisourcing raw materials, pre-qualifying potential outsource manufacturers, and maintaining appropriate stocks of raw materials and contingency plans with key suppliers to assure supply to 3M in the event of supply disruption.
Downstream Risks from downstream product use are identified at the product level through the life cycle management (LCM) process at 3M, which evaluates the planned use and disposal of 3M products and identifies hazards and risks associated with the use and disposal of 3M products. Mitigation of these risks is highly diverse and product-specific.
Financial risks At 3M, we continually evaluate our approach to opportunity and risk. We believe the concept of risk appetite and tolerance is an essential component of strategic planning. Our governance includes broad risk oversight by the Board and its committees. Risk analysis is reported to the full Board by both the general auditor and the chief ethics & compliance officer. These are senior vice president positions appointed by, and reporting to, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
3M has operations in over 70 countries, with regionalized supply chains that enable more localized and diversified production of our products. This helps reduce our risk from local climate impacts on our operations. 3M’s four business groups bring together common or related 3M technologies, enhancing the development of innovative products and services and providing for efficient sharing of business resources. Our operations bring together a combination of our 51 unique Technology Platforms to produce over 55,000 products, which are sold in nearly every country.
We believe this governance of risks by Board committees, who share information with the full Board, is appropriate for a diversified technology and manufacturing company like 3M. 3M’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A outlines risk factors applicable to the company.
Financial opportunities Financial opportunities include products and services, and resource efficiency. Access to dependable energy supplies and energy efficiency directly affects all businesses and communities. Energy usage and climate concerns require systemic change. 3M is a science-based, diversified technology company providing innovative solutions to address these and other physical climate opportunities.
Metrics We have established key sustainability metrics to measure and manage climate risk that go beyond compliance to thinking holistically about our operations and products. We report on historical periods to allow for trend analysis with a clear description of the methodologies we use to calculate or estimate limitations and assumptions.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 154 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Climate risk process. 
Principles Goals Commit to taking measurable action toward defined objectives to make a positive climate impact. 
Relevance Clearly define boundaries. 
Completeness Strive to calculate and report data coverage to 99% of inventory for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. 
Advance our methodology on calculating Scope 3 emissions and evaluate actions we can take to improve them. 
Consistency Base our data on approved methodology. 
Accuracy Develop corporate systems and auditing procedures. 
Transparency Report on emissions and activities in a way that is relevant to stakeholders. 
Goal: improve energy efficiency, indexed to net sales, by 30% by 2025 3M has taken a broad approach to managing our energy footprint, which includes evaluating the impact of our products, manufacturing processes, equipment, and sites, as well as by reducing the energy footprint of our existing manufacturing and administrative sites. In addition, we actively share information about our energy management program with external stakeholders, such as suppliers, customers, and other interested organizations.
Goal: increase renewable energy to 50% of total electricity use by 2025 2025 goal 2015. 
Progress: toward goal of renewable energy total electricity 2025 goal 2015. 
Progress: behind goal of improving energy efficiency. 
Energy-efficiency improvements help reduce energy use, energyassociated costs, and GHG emissions. 3M energy management goes beyond energy-efficiency efforts in factories and buildings. It is a team effort guided by the global 3M Corporate Energy Policy and coordinated by the Corporate Energy Management Team, with oversight by 3M’s corporate energy management leader, global manufacturing technology and engineering vice president, and active support from the CEO.
In 2019, we achieved our 2025 goal by surpassing 25% renewable electricity. As part of our strategic focus on empowering Science for Climate, we increased our interim target from 25% to 50% renewable electricity by 2025, toward our ultimate goal of 100% renewable electricity by 2050. In 2019, we joined RE100, a global, renewable energy leadership initiative, led by The Climate Group in partnership with CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), which brings together influential businesses committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity for their worldwide operations by 2050.
Goal: reduce Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions from our 2019 baseline by at least 50% by 2030, 80% by 2040, and be 100% carbon neutral in our operations by 2050 2030 goal 2019. 
Progress: toward goal of reducing GHG emissions 3M’s actions to reduce our GHG emissions began in 2000. In 2015, 3M set a goal to assure GHG emissions are at least 50% below our 2002 baseline by 2025. Then, in 2019, 3M made a new commitment aiming for 100% carbon neutrality in our operations by 2050. We will continue to work collaboratively with customers, governments, and global partners to reduce emissions beyond 3M’s operations through continued invention and introduction of innovative products and solutions.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 155 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
As of 2021, 3M improved energy efficiency, indexed to net sales, by 14.2% toward a goal of 30% by 2025 (2015 baseline year).
Climate action in our operations. 
Energy management 3M reviews its Strategic Energy Management Plan annually to prioritize programs and meet global goals. The plan incorporates input from stakeholders, including manufacturing leaders, site managers, operations employees, and executive management. Goals of the plan include continuously improving results, leveraging engineering expertise and advances, driving site-level efficiency improvements, maintaining top management support, and protecting 3M’s reputation.
In 2021, we finalized and implemented the updated 3M Corporate Energy Policy — which includes our commitment to renewable energy — leveraging our internal engineering manual: Energy Design Requirements and Guidelines. This manual provides information for incorporating energy efficiency into capital project designs. We also engaged in a pilot program with a third party to conduct a largescale energy audit across our sites and help find opportunities for improving our energy efficiency.
A focus on energy from naturally replenishable sources 3M’s headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota, is powered by 100% renewable electricity. In 2019, 3M became the largest company in Xcel Energy, Inc.’s service area across eight Western and Midwestern states to make a comparable achievement. 3M’s headquarters is a 409-acre campus, home to 30 buildings and research labs.
In 2019, we achieved our 2025 goal by surpassing 25% renewable electricity. As part of our strategic focus on empowering Science for Climate, we increased our interim target from 25% to 50% renewable electricity by 2025, toward our ultimate goal of 100% renewable electricity globally by 2050. Our renewable efforts don’t stop at our headquarters location. All 3M sites actively seek alternative energy sources, including active combined heat and power, solar, wind, and other projects like utilized excess steam.
In 2021, 3M was recognized with the Market Trailblazer Award from RE100, a global initiative bringing together the world’s most influential businesses committed to 100% renewable power. The award was announced during Climate Week NYC and celebrates RE100 companies who are committed to driving market change, communicating transparently about the barriers they face, and collaborating with companies, utilities, and governments to drive change. The award recognized our efforts in 2021 converting four 3M sites to completely renewable electricity in collaboration with their respective local communities. The sites were located in Brownwood, Texas; Brookings, South Dakota; Hutchinson, Minnesota; and Tonawanda, New York.
While 3M takes actions to help convert its operations to renewable electricity sources, we continue to support the global renewable energy sector by producing solutions for customers that help improve the reliability and efficiency of renewable electricity, including solar and wind.
In 2019, we achieved our 2025 goal by surpassing 25% renewable electricity renewable electricity 100% 3M’s headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota, is powered by. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 156 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


ISO 50001 and SEP 50001™ certification. 
The internationally recognized ISO 50001 standard and the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Superior Energy Performance 50001™ (SEP 50001™) certification program help 3M sites become attuned to recognizing and seizing opportunities to increase energy efficiency in site operations and move from delivering energy projects in a loosely organized fashion to a structured system of management. By integrating the systematic ISO-based framework of “plan-do-check-act” for the management of energy in on-site operations, our sites have seen savings in energy costs and consumption, expansion of employee engagement, and increased visibility to the tracking of site energy performance. In 2021, we continued our virtual ISO 50001 and SEP 50001™ audits. 3M has been busy increasing its ISO 50001 and SEP-certified profile, with 56 sites (up from 45 sites in 2020) certified globally, and 35 sites certified to SEP Certification.
Sites converted to 100% renewable electricity 2021. 
Canada: London, Ontario. 
France: Haguenau, La Mure, Mazeres, Niedermodern, Oyonnax, St. Ouen Laumone, Tilloy. 
Germany: Bad Essen, Gendorf, Hilden, Kamen, Kempten, Niederstetten. 
Poland: Janinow, Skomielna Biala, Wroclaw – IATD, Wroclaw – Medical. 
United States: Brookings, SD; Hutchinson, MN; Tonawanda, NY 2020. 
Austria: Villach. 
Brazil: Itapetininga, Mairinque*, Manaus, Ribeirao Preto, Sao Jose Do Rio Preto*, Sumare. 
France: Cergy. 
Germany: Wuppertal. 
Italy: Pioltello. 
Mexico: Juarez. 
Netherlands: Amersfoort, Kerkrade. 
Panama: Panama City. 
Spain: Madrid, Rivas. 
Sweden: Gagnef, Rotunsda, Varnamo, Vastervik. 
Switzerland: Langenthal. 
Thailand: Lat Krabang. 
Turkey: Cerkezkoy. 
United Kingdom: Atherstone, Aycliffe, Bangor, Bracknell, Bridgend, Gorseinon, Skelmersdale *Sites closed at the end of 2021 3M sites become attuned to recognizing and seizing opportunities to increase energy efficiency. 
Energy Management Awards 2021 3M Energy Excellence Awards. 
The 3M Energy Excellence Awards honor individuals and teams that incorporate the goals of the Corporate Energy Program in engineering projects. The nominated projects and individuals actively demonstrate their commitment to include energy efficiency in the design of projects, in equipment selection, or in the use of alternative energy supplies. The award is one of global recognition within the 3M engineering community.
The 2021 winners of the awards were Steve Plett, Tanmay Soni, the USAC Energy Team, the Hefei, China Energy Team, and the Shanghai Xin Qiao, China Energy Team.
2021 external energy recognition • The 3M Brookings site won a. 
Better Project Award from the U.S. Department of Energy’s Better Building, Better Plants Challenge, which recognizes outstanding accomplishments in implementing industrial energy efficiency projects at individual facilities.
• 3M Little Rock’s Richard Holmes and 3M Brockville’s Tyler Blakely were recognized with 2021 AEE Region Energy Innovators of the Year awards.
• In 2021, the international Clean. 
Energy Ministerial (CEM) forum awarded six 3M sites in Canada and 21 3M sites in the U.S. an Energy Management Insight Award, which recognizes implementation of energy management systems to achieve energy, economic, and sustainability benefits.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 157 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Global energy use. 
MWh 8,000,000 6,000,000 4,000,000 2,000,000 10,000,000 2018 2019 2021 2020 2017 2010 2015 2005 0. 
Indexed global energy use. 
MWh per MM $USD net sales 100 200 300 400 2017 2019 2020 2021 2018 2015 2010 2005 0 1,500,000 500,000 2,000,000 1,000,000 3,000,000 3,500,000 2019 2018 2020 2021 2015 0 2,500,000 2017 2016. 
Non-renewable sources. 
Renewable sources. 
Global Electricity Consumption. 
MWh. 
Direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions 3M has reduced Scope 1 GHG emissions by 82.3% since 2002, providing a direct and immediate reduction of our carbon emissions. During this same timeframe, we achieved a 75.0% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 2 location-based GHG emissions. Since 2019, 3M reduced Scope 1 GHG emissions by 26.4%, and achieved a 26.1% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 158 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Scope 1 and 2 total (metric tons CO2e) 18,000,000 20,000,000 16,000,000 14,000,000 12,000,000 10,000,000 8,000,000 6,000,000 4,000,000 2,000,000 0 2002 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2030 2040 2050 2002: Global 3M inventory 3rd party verified by ISO/IEC 17025 accredited laboratory in accordance to the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol 2004: 3M joins EPA Climate Leaders w/reduction target (30% from 2002 by 2007) 2007: 3M achieves GHG Goal under EPA Climate Leaders Program (53% reduction) 2010: Work with EPA on methods to calculate GHG emissions for EPA–MRR 40 CFR 98. 
Set goal to ensure GHG emissions are at least 50% below our 2002 baseline while growing our business by 2025 3M joins RE100, Co-author IPCC National GHG Inventory Guidelines, 3M commits to 50% renewable electricity by 2025 and 100% by 2050, global headquarters becomes wind powered. 
Accelerated existing goal: Reduce Scope 1 and 2 market-based GHG emissions from our 2019 baseline by at least 50% by 2030, 80% by 2040, and achieve carbon neutrality in our operations by 2050. 3M joins DOE Low Carbon Pilot, Global Energy Alliance. 
Market-based. 
Projected Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based)
Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based)
Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)
Our new commitment: baseline, results, and projections 0% 20% 40% 60% 80% 100%
Since 2002, the 3M Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) Laboratory has calculated 3M’s GHG inventory in accordance with the World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. The 3M EHS Laboratory maintains an accreditation to ANSI/ISO/IEC 17025 through A2LA — a signatory to the International Laboratory Accreditation Cooperation Mutual Recognition Arrangement (ILAC MRA). Although it is not possible to put 3M’s GHG inventory methodology on the lab’s scope of accreditation, our calculation methodology has been improved by incorporating several quality system elements from the ANSI/ISO/IEC 17025 Standard, including: • Defined responsibilities and interrelationships of all key staff • Documented key personnel qualifications • Control over quality system documents and procedures • Control of records • Corrective and preventive action system • Internal audit program • Documented and approved calculation procedures. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 159 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Air quality management. 
An important component of 3M’s sustainability strategy is our commitment to improving air quality globally while delivering on our customers’ needs and expectations for high-performance products. Manufacturing some of these products inherently releases volatile organic compounds (VOCs), including through the use of solvent-based materials. Because of this, many of our sites require permits with rigorous VOC tracking requirements. Even where tracking is not required from a regulatory perspective, 3M voluntarily tracks VOC usage and emissions from major sources of emissions in order to identify further opportunities for reduction.
3M has developed internal programs to minimize its VOC emissions. We track and report emissions based on raw material usage, engineering estimates, and stack test data. For many 3M manufacturing processes, nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur dioxide (SO2), carbon monoxide (CO), hazardous air pollutants (HAPs), persistent organic pollutants (POPs), and particulate matter (PM) are emitted as products of combustion. These pollutants, which are listed on many environmental permits for specific site operations, are tracked and reported externally, where required, by federal, state, or local regulations for individual sites. 3M internally tracks all fuel usage and calculates the combustion emission rates using accepted emission factors.
Every year, 3M calculates our GHG inventory according to approved internal procedures that are updated as needed to correspond with current calculation methodologies. However, whenever a methodology change is implemented, 3M will, wherever possible, recalculate the prior year’s GHG inventories to assure that past and current-year GHG inventories are comparable. Where this is not possible, 3M will either call this out or assure that the difference is not material. These quality system elements and procedures, coupled with a robust internal and third-party review of our emissions, help 3M’s GHG inventory to be aligned with the core principles of relevance, completeness, consistency, accuracy, and transparency. GHG emission reductions are achieved through a variety of methods: improving process and equipment efficiency, upgrading equipment, reducing our demand for energy use, increasing our use of renewable electricity, and implementing and maintaining emission control technologies. These methods, and more, are integral to the company’s overall success and assist us with the challenge of helping to address global climate change concerns.
Global volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions. 
Metric tons per MM $USD net sales 0.10 0.25 0.30 0.35 0.05 0.15 0.20 2017 2019 2020 2021 2018 2010 2005 2015 0.00. 
Main VOC by source type • 3M’s VOC emissions are primarily attributed to coating lines • Reactors and mixing are also significant sources of VOC emissions. 
VOC by site • 88% of our sites emit less than 100 metric tons per year VOC • 34% of our sites emit less than 1 metric ton per year VOC. 
Implementing and maintaining pollution control 3M has made significant progress in reducing air emissions — at the source and by improving process efficiencies. Where emissions cannot be reduced within the process, 3M installs and maintains air emission control equipment as required by federal, state, and local regulations. We evaluate all equipment options, select those that are the most environmentally effective and costefficient, and properly operate emission control equipment. Technologies include thermal oxidization, solvent recovery, carbon adsorption, biofiltration, electrostatic precipitators, baghouses, scrubbers, and cyclones.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 160 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Rooted in scientific exploration and the belief that every problem has a solution, 3M embarked on a journey to calculate these downstream Scope 3 GHG emissions. We base our decision-making on sound science, and in 2019, we developed methodologies to calculate our emissions for Scope 3 Categories 9-12.
Climate action supported by our products. 
GHG emissions attributable to our suppliers and customers (Scope 3) 3M has been developing our Scope 3 GHG emissions inventory since the WRI and the WBCSD published the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard in September 2011. Even before its release, 3M participated in the pilot of the standard, which includes requirements for calculating GHG emissions for 15 separate categories of emissions sources, both upstream and downstream of our own operations.
According to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation Guidance, a company that produces intermediate products with many potential downstream applications, each with a potentially different GHG emission profile, cannot reasonably estimate the downstream emissions associated with the various end uses of these products. The methodology did not even exist to calculate full Scope 3 emissions for a company with 3M’s complexity, including 55,000-plus heavily diversified products across a large variety of industries and potential end-use cases.
Ozone depleting substances. 
The Montreal Protocol is the first worldwide agreement designed to protect human health and the environment against the adverse effects of the depletion of the stratospheric ozone layer. The agreement identifies the list of ozone depleting substances (ODS) that are targeted for control practices, reductions, or total phaseouts and provides a phaseout schedule.
In addition, some countries have established regulations regarding the management of refrigeration appliances. 3M has established requirements that provide a framework for how 3M operations are to manage their refrigeration appliances containing ODS and hydrofluorocarbons (HFC) (which are regulated in the United States), in the context of applicable international protocols, local regulations, and current and future economic impacts. These requirements include conformance to the Montreal Protocol, when applicable.
The first step was compiling the data for the more than 55,000 3M products, including the quantity sold, the size or mass of the product, and the use applications. Next, working with Anthesis Group, we analyzed data from the products to prioritize those with a material Scope 3 GHG footprint and identified 300 unique categories for further analysis based on the composition and use of each product. Once emission factors were determined for each use scenario, we worked to calculate estimated Scope 3 emissions for each of the 300 product categories. Based on the best available science, estimated Scope 3 data uncertainty is ±50% (WRI/WBCSD, GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, 2011).
Moving forward, increased customer collaborations will enable 3M to better understand and help reduce emissions from processing, use, and end-of-life treatment. This will help us advance the science and further improve the accuracy of our estimations for Scope 3 Categories 10-12. We plan to report on results from these efforts, as well as additional planned actions, in future communications.
3M’s emissions journey is rooted in scientific exploration and the belief that every problem has a solution. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 161 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


With a Corporate purpose of unlocking the power of people, ideas, and science to reimagine what’s possible, 3M is a natural place inventors look to help them bring their innovations to life. Aaswath Raman, a professor of engineering at UCLA, is a perfect example: his research on a natural phenomenon known as radiative cooling has led him to discover a means by which a film technology can cool surrounding air without any external power sources. He co-founded a company called SkyCool and worked with 3M scientist Tim Hebrink to adopt 3M™ Solar Mirror Film technology and commercialize the application of the film to SkyCool panels that are being actively tested in hot climates like California and Arizona. The initial applications are focused on helping appliances like air conditioners and refrigerators to run more efficiently and structures like buildings and bus stops to stay cooler, but with technology that can help infrared radiation effectively utilize the upper atmosphere to cool the earth, it seems the sky is the limit.
Technologies making a positive impact on climate and air quality. 
When we set out to help solve some of the world’s greatest challenges, we must often look outside the walls of 3M – and in some cases, focus on the rooftops. One such challenge we’ve focused on is nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions that can contribute to unhealthy levels of ozone. This, in addition to particle pollution, is something which the American Lung Association reported more than 40% of Americans live with as of 2021.1 To help communities reduce their NOx emissions, we introduced a solution that literally turns roofs into smogfighting surfaces, to help mimic some of the positive effects trees have in our environment. 3M™ Smog-reducing Granules feature a specialized coating that is activated by the sun’s UV rays, generating radicals and transforming NOx gases into water-soluble ions, improving air quality. In a few short years since their introduction, the granules have been commercialized and installed on enough homes to match the equivalent of 1 million trees’ worth of pollution prevention of NOx emissions as of 2021, and it shows no signs of slowing down.
3M™ Smog-reducing Granules have been installed on enough homes to match the equivalent of trees’ worth of pollution prevention of NOx emissions 1M. 
For more examples, see the Our customers and Our products sections.
Climate action in our communities. 
As a large organization with operations in many diverse communities globally, we recognize our responsibility to not only improve our climate impact, but also do so deliberately to avoid inadvertent negative impacts on our communities — both direct and indirect. This includes how we responsibly source our renewable energy for our sites. We have learned and adapted to using a variety of sourcing methods to meet the unique needs of each situation, such as directly sourcing our renewable energy through contractual agreements rather than installing new infrastructure onsite to generate it. Where it is feasible, this approach allows us to stay on the grid and collaborate with local utilities, relying on their expertise to help keep energy rates stable for other community members.
1 American Lung Association. State of the Air. https://www.lung.org/getmedia/17c6cb6c8a38-42a7-a3b0-6744011da370/sota2021.pdf. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 162 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


• Institutionalization of the Manila. 
City CAAP through adoption by the city inter-agency working group Hinga Maynila (Breathe Manila) Task Force • Working with stakeholders to operationalize Manila City CAAP pollution control measures including the development of supporting communication strategies and local campaigns • Continuation of the capacity building of Hinga Maynila (Breathe Manila) Task Force on evidencebased policy-making and air quality communication • Generating air quality data to inform action from both cities • Developing an “Outreach Toolkit on Advancing Better Air Quality through Clean Construction” aimed at site managers and engineers managing construction sites. 
TPG Rise Climate Fund investment. 
In 2021, 3M joined more than 20 other global companies in investing in TPG Rise Climate, a multi-billion dollar climate impact investing fund that deploys mission-driven capital at scale. TPG Rise Climate is focusing investments on clean energy, enabling solutions, decarbonized transport, greening industrials, and agricultural and natural solutions. This action expanded our access to opportunities to invest in climate technology companies and complemented our new environmental goals for carbon neutrality, water use and quality.
Clean Air Asia partnership. 
Throughout 2021, 3M continued the second year of our five-year partnership with Clean Air Asia, an international non-governmental organization focused on sciencebased air quality solutions for New Delhi, India, and Manila, Philippines.
The second year of their Asia Blue Skies Program focused on implementing their Clean Air Action Plan (CAAP) for Manila City, as well as developing a sectorspecific implementation strategy for integrating the identified air pollution mitigation approach into their CAAP for New Delhi. This included:
Energy engagement. 
Public speaking engagements and partnerships are integral elements of the Strategic Energy Management Plan. In 2021, 3M experts spoke at several energy industry conferences, including the Association of Energy Engineers (AEE) World Energy Conference & Expo, DOE Summit Session Planning - Making the Case for Energy Efficiency, and GermanCanadian Conference on Energy Efficiency in Industry.
3M is a partner of the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Better Plants®, part of the DOE’s Better Buildings Initiative designed to drive leadership in energy innovation, and is a Better Plants Challenge Energy and Water Goal Achiever. In 2021, 3M joined the Better Buildings Low Carbon Pilot to participate with other industry leaders to demonstrate real world pathways in achieving low carbon plants and pledged to be part of the DOE’s Better Climate Challenge to reduce portfoliowide GHG emissions (scope 1 and 2) by at least 50% within 10 years.
We are also one of 30 U.S. businesses and organizations that have formed the Sustainable Growth Coalition (formerly the Minnesota Sustainable Growth Coalition).
• Engaging youth and developing public engagement strategies to address air pollution around hot spots • Organizing trainings for approximately 300 site engineers, site managers and supervisors on the management of dust at construction sites • Developing a “Clearing the Air:
Engaging Youth in Hot Spot Action” toolkit to train and engage youth and develop public engagement strategies to address air pollution around hot spots • Operationalizing sustainability frameworks for air quality action through partnerships and collaborations. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 163 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


This kicked off with a candid conversation at COP26 featuring insights from international sustainability leaders and moderated by CEO of Forum for the Future Sally Uren.
Formation of Global Alliance for Sustainable Energy. 
In September of 2021, 3M joined with our customer Enel Green Power and 15 other organizations in founding the Global Alliance for Sustainable Energy. This brought together utilities and global players in the solar photovoltaic and wind value chains as well as sector associations and innovation partners. The aim of the group, which is aligned with the 2030 agenda set out in the UN SDGs, is to redefine the meaning of “sustainable energy” and to lead a just transition away from fossil fuels by assuring that renewables are wholly sustainable for people and the planet.
The initial focus of the alliance is to focus on four key areas where there is potential for quick wins for the sustainability of the renewable energy industry, including net-zero emissions and CO2 footprints, circular economy and design, human rights, and water footprints.
Strategic collaboration with UNFCCC. 
Starting at COP26 in November 2021, 3M and UNFCCC entered into a three-year collaboration to advance the Paris Agreement and UN SDGs. The purpose is to help the UNFCCC and key sustainability stakeholders understand the challenges faced by manufacturers in achieving net zero, as well as to highlight technology and solutions that can influence other manufacturers.
Gayle Schueller 3M Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer “ By working with the UNFCCC and across its partnership network, we can share our insights as well as our challenges, emphasizing there is no singular approach to addressing climate change and encouraging new peers to join us in working toward a more sustainable future.”
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 164 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
Climate change remains among the greatest challenges globally and we must act with urgency to address it — for our climate and our communities.
Our Strategic Sustainability Framework directs our efforts to areas where 3M can make the biggest impact. Within the Science for Climate pillar of this framework, we will continue to focus on innovating to decarbonize industry, accelerating global climate solutions, and improving our environmental footprint. We’ll continue to drive ambitious climate solutions in our operations, in our products, and in communities around the world.
In our operations, as we look to achieve our long-term goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, we will continue to evaluate how we can apply our science in the near future to stay on track. Similarly, as we approach our goal of using 100% renewable electricity at all global sites, we will also evaluate what other ways we can expand our renewable energy to maintain our progress.
We will explore options for reducing our dependence on natural gas to help further reduce our CO2 emissions, continue to update our standards, and evaluate tracking systems that will improve our capabilities for monitoring progress toward our goals.
For our customers, we will develop and launch products to help them reach their sustainability goals by improving energy efficiency, increasing renewable electricity, and reducing emissions in alignment with our goal to help them reduce their GHGs by 250 million tons of CO2 equivalent emissions through our products by 2025.
For our communities, we will continue to collaborate with key stakeholders and groups that we determine can help us maximize the effectiveness of our efforts and help drive climate solutions globally to help improve every life. Learn more about our ongoing work aligning to the 3M Strategic Sustainability Framework.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 165 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
Each step in our supply chain is an opportunity to gain alignment with our Promise to improve lives by helping solve the world’s greatest challenges. This includes benefits like employment, embracing diversity, and community building as well as mitigating risks whether they are related to labor, environmental, health and safety, ethical practices, or management systems. Our commitment, from top leadership down, is to achieve synergy across our supply chain with our own corporate values. We expect our suppliers to be transparent about their environmental and social practices, provide ideas for improvement, and work with us to transform our shared value chain.
At 3M, we expect our suppliers to strive for and achieve the same bar we set for ourselves regarding environmental and social governance.
3M follows the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Due Diligence framework for all of our responsible sourcing activities The 3M Supplier Responsibility Code (SRC) is based on 3M’s corporate values for sustainable and responsible operations and aligns with the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, of which 3M is a participant. The SRC is also consistent with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) Code of Conduct 7.0, effective January 2022.
3M supply chain Due Diligence Management System. 
Our Due Diligence Management System consists of the following elements, which guide our continuous improvement efforts:
Suppliers Helping our supply chain extend our commitment to sustainability 3M supply chain Due Diligence Management System. 
Report. 
Report on supply chain duediligence activities. 
Verification. 
Audit supply chain due diligence. 
Values. 
Establish strong policies and management systems. 
Transformation. 
Design and implement a strategy to respond to identified risks. 
Transparency. 
Identify and assess risks in the supply chain. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 166 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3M’s supplier assessment and auditing program is implemented by 3M’s Strategic Sourcing and Packaging Solutions organization, with oversight from the strategic sourcing leadership as well as a cross-functional executive committee. This committee consists of executive leaders from 3M Enterprise Operations/Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, Human Resources, Ethics and Compliance, Legal Affairs, Corporate Auditing, EHS and Sustainability. We also have a robust governance framework that guides our sustainability and EHS activities, with primary Board-level oversight by the 3M Board Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee. The Due Diligence Management System results are provided to the cross-functional executive committee at least twice a year, and Strategic Sourcing leadership is updated quarterly on the program’s status and results.
• Environment, health, and safety.
We expect our suppliers to care as much about the health and safety of their workers and their communities as 3M does and to implement proper procedures and controls to protect them as well as the environment in which we live.
• Ethics. Expectations align with the 3M Code of Conduct and hold our suppliers to the same high standards of honesty and integrity. Suppliers must prohibit any form of bribery and corruption and prevent conflicts of interest.
• Management systems. We expect our suppliers to establish processes to systematically conform to the 3M SRC, as well as all legal requirements, and to commit to continuous improvement.
We expect our suppliers to establish and implement their own relevant policies and programs in alignment with this SRC and to enforce these expectations with their own suppliers, thereby promoting our high sustainability standards up our supply chains.
• Labor. Requirements align with the 3M Human Rights Policy and include important concepts like freely chosen employment (no forced, bonded, or trafficked labor), restrictions on working age (no child labor), and appropriate working hours and wages. Setting these expectations helps our suppliers understand that their actions need to reflect 3M’s values on human rights as well as the values underlying the International Labour Organization (ILO) and laws, such as the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015, the U.S. Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) on forced labor and human trafficking, and Australia’s Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). To learn more about these topics, see the Human rights section and the 3M’s Modern Slavery Statement.
Strong policies aligned with our values. 
The Supplier Responsibility Code (SRC), which is available in 15 languages, establishes 3M’s expectations for suppliers anywhere in the world and for any supplied material or service. Our supplier vetting process includes a review of the SRC expectations and reinforcement that supplier programs and practices, as well as those of their subcontractors supplying products and/or services, conform to standards consistent with the SRC. Our global supplier agreements have incorporated SRC expectations.
The SRC outlines 3M’s foundational social and environmental expectations in the following areas:
The SRC establishes 3M’s expectations for suppliers anywhere in the world and for any supplied material or service. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 167 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The SRC outlines supplier expectations relating to grievance mechanisms. Anyone who has a concern involving 3M can use the 3MEthics.com site as an alternative way to report a concern. The concern can be reported anonymously if desired, if allowable by local laws.
Additional expectations for higher-risk supply chains. 
In addition to the global SRC expectations for all suppliers, certain areas warrant additional and specific formal expectations to drive more sustainable, responsible practices. This includes our use of certain minerals with the potential to be sourced from conflict-affected and high-risk areas, our use of timber-based products and other plant materials (pulp and paper), and all new suppliers in higher-risk countries in areas such as in Asia Pacific, Latin America, or parts of Europe, Middle East, and Africa. See more on our risk identification process in the Responding to risks and transforming our supply chains section.
If the assessment identifies gaps or findings, and if a supplier is not able or willing to resolve them, the CAPA process would escalate to the Responsible Sourcing Supplier Issue Escalation process, which could involve sourcing category and/or business leaders, lean value stream or other business personnel engagement. This assures appropriate resolution and conformance to 3M’s requirements. If a supplier is unwilling to work with 3M on the identified gaps or is unable to close the issues within a reasonable timeframe, alternative actions are determined with a crossfunctional team to elevate and resolve the situation.
Our general supplier performance verification process begins with a selfassessment questionnaire (SAQ). The SAQ helps 3M understand supplier programs and determine whether they conform to 3M expectations. The SAQ focuses on the following topics: labor (including right to freedom of association and collective bargaining), health and safety, environmental, ethics, and management systems. An on-site assessment may be conducted by 3M or a third party to assess the supplier’s level of conformance with 3M’s expectations. If deficiencies are identified, they will be addressed through an SRC Corrective Action Preventive Action (CAPA) process. Follow-up on the CAPA may include announced or unannounced assessments.
Supplier risk assessment and supply chain transparency. 
Due to the vast number of 3M suppliers, risk prioritization assessments are done each year to determine the focus within each geographical area. Regional or local supply is a key strategy within 3M and thus, our supplier assessments must encompass this approach. As stated in our supplier contracts, in addition to full compliance with all applicable laws, including environmental laws, we expect our suppliers to integrate environmental responsibility into their operations. Suppliers should work to minimize adverse effects on the community, environment, and natural resources while safeguarding the health and safety of workers and the public. Additional information can be found at 3M Supplier Direct.
Certain areas warrant additional and specific formal expectations to drive more sustainable, responsible practices. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 168 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Focus: pulp and paper sourcing 3M has prioritized pulp and paper products as an area that warrants additional formal expectations because of potential environmental risks, such as deforestation and habitat loss; potential human rights issues, such as infringement of Indigenous peoples’ rights; and potential unsafe labor practices. As a global paper purchaser and sustainability leader, 3M is well-positioned to positively influence practices throughout the forest products supply chain.
Focus: responsible minerals sourcing. 
A prioritized area in our raw material supply network is the responsible sourcing of minerals. 3M deplores the violence and inhumane treatment that has occurred in the Democratic Republic of Congo, adjoining countries, and other conflict-affected and high-risk regions as defined by global regulatory bodies. 3M is committed to supporting responsible sourcing of minerals that contain but are not limited to tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and cobalt from all such regions. Additional information can be found in our Responsible Mineral Sourcing Policy and Supplier Direct, Supplier Requirements sections on 3M.com.
We adopted our Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy in 2015 to set standards of excellence for our suppliers through all tiers of supply from the forest. To support the implementation of our policy, we partner with Earthworm Foundation. Their innovation in the areas of forest protection and restoration aims to directly address the underlying challenges impacting forest and community health that are not getting resolved through compliance and forestry certifications alone.
Our Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy and guidance document is available in seven languages. Additional information can be found on the 3M Sustainable Forestry website.
Supplier Diversity 3M is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and being a world class leader in Supplier Diversity. As a part of that commitment we prioritize working with diverse suppliers and small businesses across our sourcing organization.
We seek to meet and exceed our own expanded internal diversity goals as well as those of the U.S. federal government, requiring certain levels of spend with small and diverse businesses, and making a wider impact on our communities while supporting 3M’s business needs.
“ Diversity and inclusion are core values that make 3M a more creative, innovative and competitive company. As we drive diversity and inclusion across our enterprise — including in our supply chain — we gain access to new ideas and fresh perspectives, and are better able to serve the needs of our customers and communities around the world.”
Mike Roman 3M Chief Executive Officer. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 169 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


“The NCMSDC research partnership with 3M created a best practice for Supplier Diversity studies. 3M’s leadership, NCMSDC’s relationships, and the research expertise of a Minority Business Enterprise firm came together for a first ever of its kind Supplier Diversity practices benchmark survey. 3M gained insight to enhance its Supplier Diversity program, and the 42 participating buying companies also benefited from the high-level research data to support their program development. By leading the way with this study, 3M drove far-reaching impact to increase the engagement and success of diverse firms throughout our network,” said Heather N. Olson, CEO of NCMSDC.
Diverse supplier classifications 3M has a long-standing commitment to sustainable business practices and to supporting the economic success of our communities, working with both Small Businesses and diverse suppliers. 3M identifies diverse suppliers within the U.S. by one or more variations of the following classifications: • Small Business Enterprise • Women-Owned Business Enterprise • Minority-Owned Business. 
Enterprise • Veteran-Owned Business Enterprise • HubZone • LGBTQ-Owned Business. 
Programs and advocacy partnerships 3M actively engages and partners with advocacy organizations, including the North Central Minority Supplier Development Council (NCMSDC), Women’s Business Development Center (WBDC), Metropolitan Economic Development Association (MEDA), Small Business Administration (SBA), Small and Disadvantaged Business Opportunities Council (SADBOC), and others.
Progress. 
As a result of a third-party assessment, the 3M Supplier Diversity team initiated several new programs in 2021, including enhanced supply chain finance offerings, e-learning solutions, as well as multiple Supplier Diversity best practices. In addition, the team also launched the GAME Changer Supplier Development Program pilot designed to build capacity of diverse suppliers through Growth, Advocacy, Mentoring and Education (GAME). The vision of this program is to create a pipeline of diverse suppliers which continuously meets the ongoing needs of 3M and the communities we serve. These programs are slated for full implementation in 2022.
In the U.S., 3M establishes annual targets and routinely tracks the value of goods and services purchased from small businesses and diverse suppliers. To achieve our milestones, 3M implemented a strategy aiming to: • Double our spend with diverse suppliers and increase year-overyear spend with minority-owned and small businesses • Expand, support, and sponsor six additional advocacy groups and their members, increasing our access to diverse suppliers • Enhance the integrity and management capabilities of our diverse supplier data and certifications “ 3M drove farreaching impact to increase the engagement and success of diverse firms throughout our network!”
Heather N. Olson President & CEO North Central Minority Supplier Development Council (NCMSDC)
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 170 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We executed on key priorities through several Supplier Diversity workstreams throughout the year, including setting goals; enhancing data collection, analytics and reporting through automation; increasing visibility and identification of diverse suppliers; expanding diversity education and training both internally and externally; and forging new relationships with local advocacy groups to advance our Supplier Diversity infrastructure.
Our actions 3M works with a broad, complex supply chain, consisting of over 60,700 suppliers in over 173 subcategories in 111 countries/ regions around the world. Supplier Responsibility Code training is available online to help new employees or others understand 3M’s SRC expectations, processes, and supporting tools. The training covers 3M’s supplier expectations regarding labor and human rights, EHS, ethics, and management systems requirements. A SRC guidance document was created for suppliers and resides on the 3M Supplier Direct website. 3M’s Business Partners website also provided training materials for suppliers to expand their knowledge on topics such as Ethical Business Conduct, 3M Code of Conduct Acknowledgement, and Human Trafficking Prevention.
countries/regions around the world 111 subcategories in 173 suppliers in over 60,700 3M’s supply chain consists of over. 
In addition to increasing our total Supplier Diversity headcount in 2021, 3M spending with Small Businesses represented 7.56% and Diverse Suppliers reflected 5.48% of our total U.S. spend. Our progress is routinely communicated to leadership across the organization.
For more information on our Supplier Diversity initiative, see Supplier Diversity.
Goal: Drive supply chain sustainability through targeted raw material traceability and supplier performance assurance by 2025 2025 goal 2015. 
Progress: maintaining goal to drive supplier performance. 
We understand that our sustainability impacts extend beyond our own operations. We participate in a global, complex supply chain, purchasing raw materials and services from small and large companies all over the world. And it doesn’t stop there. Our suppliers have their own suppliers, extending back to the original source of each material we use.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 171 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Responding to risks and transforming our supply chains. 
We are constantly managing changes in supply markets, through opportunities to achieve value and where necessary, to mitigate risk and secure supply. We maintained our efforts to make sure essential supplies were provided to 3M to support production of critical products used to help fight COVID-19. Unfortunately, the pandemic continued to increase the risk of modern slavery practices among vulnerable workers across supply chains. The global sourcing team took additional actions in 2021 to determine if 3M was at risk and will continue these efforts in 2022 by focusing on our assessment and training programs to assure ethical production and responsible trade.
As described earlier, we focus our efforts on salient issues in categories where human rights and environmental risks are the greatest. More broadly, we conduct robust risk prioritization through our SRC assessment process, to determine the suppliers we will engage, which includes policy and contract conformance.
Meeting supply chain challenges. 
During the economic recovery from COVID-19 starting in late 2020, and continuing into 2021, the 3M Sourcing team worked feverishly to repair and stabilize our varied supply chains that were severely strained due to: sudden demand surge in virtually all supply markets where inventories had been substantially depleted as a result of COVID-19 curtailment; Winter Storm Uri in the United States, which caused additional strain and complications for suppliers and the supply chain; deepening logistics capacity deficiencies and modal congestion worldwide due to the sudden recovery; Hurricane Ida in the United States; and the emerging global energy strain.
As a result of these efforts coupled with 3M’s deep commitment to its customers in all segments, in particular health care workers across the world, we have maintained a robust approach in sustaining our supply chains despite very difficult market conditions and disruption events.
Supplier spend by region 2021 percentage 10 20 30 40 50 60 0 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017. 
Asia Pacific. 
Europe, Middle East, Africa. 
Latin America. 
United States, Canada. 
Supplier locations. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 172 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Verifying our supplier performance. 
Although applicable to all suppliers, our supply chain risk assessment process prioritizes higher-risk suppliers, each of whom must complete an SAQ and/or be subject to an on-site assessment as specified in our SRC. In 2021, we assessed about 11% of our higher-risk suppliers. Since 2008, we have conducted almost 7,900 on-site or self-assessments of prioritized suppliers in higherrisk countries. Our assessment process, which is aligned with the RBA framework, has become more involved and comprehensive. In 2021, 3M completed over 478 assessments in 30 countries, which covered every geographic area of the world. 3M worked with suppliers to enhance our third-party assessment process, with a goal of expanding third-party activity. 3M aligned with the RBA Validated Assessment Program (VAP) as the industry platform to provide synergy with our Supplier Responsibility Code assessment process. 3M also accepts validated, equivalent assessment schemes to reduce the number of customer assessments with our suppliers.
3M uses industry indices to identify higher-risk supply chains in conjunction with Lean Six Sigma (LSS) tools to optimize and strengthen our risk management processes. The criteria matrix helps rank global suppliers using multiple factors such as geographic, category, and business-critical elements to determine where assessments should be performed each year.
Beyond risk, we aim to utilize our supply chains in our overarching goals for sustainability. 3M recognizes that many of the world’s greatest challenges can be solved through collaboration. We are currently exploring supply chain integration opportunities with some of our key suppliers in an effort to advance circularity. We continue to ask suppliers to work with us to populate our Supplier Sustainability Solutions Library, which is available to 3M product developers to help accelerate solutions that support 3M’s Sustainability Value Commitment, ensuring all new products have a sustainability attribute that will improve our product offerings and advance our aspirational Sustainability Goals. See the Circular materials and Innovation management sections for more information.
RMAP conformant 69.1%
RMAP active 4.80%
RMAP not enrolled 21.0%
Non-conformant 5.11%
Conflict mineral supply chain traceability 2021 percentage* * Based on Responsible Minerals Assurance Policy (RMAP) of prioritized suppliers in higher-risk countries on-site or self-assessments 7,900. 
Since 2008 we have conducted almost. 
Due to the ongoing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, we shifted to remote and digital engagements with suppliers as necessary to replace some of our on-site assessments and reviews of documentation. This approach allowed us to successfully execute our process and carry out the full extent of our supplier verification while complying with health and safety guidance.
Forced labor and human trafficking 3M’s efforts to eradicate forced labor and human trafficking from our direct supply chains are discussed in more detail in our Transparency in Supply Chains and Modern Slavery Disclosures. Within these disclosures, 3M’s Modern Slavery Statement communicates our commitment to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business relationships and to implementing effective systems and controls, all with the aim of preventing human rights issues in our organization and in our supply chains. These practices are also exhibited by our membership in the United Nations Global Compact, 3M’s Code of Conduct, and cooperative efforts working with others to abolish human rights atrocities, especially in regard to human trafficking, forced labor, modern slavery, and other related crimes.
3M is committed to doing our part to eradicate human trafficking in any form from the global supply chain. We have robust policies and systems in place to help prevent these practices in our own operations and with our suppliers. 3M sets a high bar for our company regarding labor and employment, and we expect the same from our suppliers as articulated in the SRC.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 173 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


With the evolution of responsible minerals programs, 3M worked with a third party to manage our 2021 program outreach and data collection. The third-party platform automates the collection, validation, and centralization of data to support 3M’s Responsible Minerals Sourcing program. Through the platform’s Supplier Help Center, our suppliers can access training resources and FAQs related to responsible minerals, including topics like Supplier Training on Conflict Minerals, Product Compliance Regulatory Q&A, Corporate Social Responsibility Regulatory Q&A, and Using the Supplier Portal.
Additional information can be found in the 3M Conflict Minerals Securities and Exchange Commission filings found on 3M Supplier Direct, Supplier Requirements, Responsible Minerals.
In addition, 3M is an active member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), which develops tools and provides guidance for companies regarding conflict minerals. Our membership in RMI and various working groups, such as the Due Diligence Practice Team and RMI Plenary Team, enable 3M to be involved in activities supporting RMI’s Code of Conduct and due-diligence practices. The teams provide useful venues for 3M to offer ideas and learn from other member companies as we all work together on this important journey of transforming our supply chains. In October 2021, 3M attended the annual RMI Members-Only conference to discuss strategies and best practices regarding the expansion of a market-driven, responsible sourcing supply chain.
3M’s membership in RMI provides insights into emerging risks and assessments in raw materials supply chains. RMI uses the Risk Readiness Assessment (RRA) tool to provide these insights, which is the basis for corporate assessments of material risks in 3TG supply chains, specifically related to social and environmental risks.
Responsible minerals actions. 
Since its inception, 3M’s Responsible Minerals Sourcing program has gone through continuous improvements based on insights from past campaigns, as well as external benchmarking that provided ways to optimize and increase the effectiveness of program activities.
Beyond 3TG (tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold), 3M’s Responsible Minerals Sourcing program includes cobalt sourcing in order to support industry expectations, 3M values, and human rights policies. 3M expects our suppliers to adopt a similar policy and due-diligence management system, and we require the same of their suppliers in order to proliferate responsible sourcing practices throughout the supply chain.
Cumulative supplier assessments, since 2008. 
Total number. 
In 2018, we updated our assessment progress and increased the scope of each assessment.
2,000 5,000 7,000 6,000 8,000 1,000 3,000 4,000 2019 2018 2020 2021 2017 0 3M’s membership in Responsible Minerals Initiative provides insights into emerging risks and assessments in raw materials supply chains. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 174 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We continue to work with our in-scope suppliers around the world to map our global pulp and paper supply chain from paper and pulp mills down to the forest source. In 2021, we rolled out a new third-party SaaS (software as a service) product to collect and analyze supply chain traceability and Due Diligence Management System information from our suppliers.
Traceable to forest source or 100% recycled 83.4%
Traceable to pulp mill 2.79%
Traceable to paper mill 3.76%
Not yet engaged or traceable 10.1%
Pulp and paper supply chain traceability 2021 percentage. 
Pulp and paper actions. 
Policy implementation on the ground. 
Throughout our policy implementation, we have seen several examples of marked improvements in responsible pulp and paper sourcing practices of our suppliers as a result of our engagement with them. These include: • Meeting with suppliers’ senior corporate executives about the importance of assuring responsible and sustainable supply chains, and agreeing to collaborate on that goal • Suppliers establishing new pulp and paper positions within their companies • Significant increases in supply chain traceability and transparency • Increased engagement by our suppliers with their upstream supply chain • Suppliers adopting new or enhancing existing pulp and paper policies, including adding Free Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) in their policies • Suppliers inviting 3M to collaborate on challenges around responsible sourcing and to create a path forward. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 175 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Each assessment resulted in a comprehensive report detailing the supplier’s performance compared to our policy requirements and provided action items to address any performance gaps. We expect each supplier to develop corrective action plans with reasonable timelines and, concurrently, continue to collaborate with 3M on the resolution of identified opportunities. Through this work and engagement with our suppliers, we have seen many suppliers make significant progress in their own programs, ranging from enhancing their own policy(s) and due-diligence management systems to creating policies that did not previously exist.
Supplier scorecard and field assessments. 
In addition to the self-assessment, we have created and implemented a Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy Scorecard, which allows 3M to evaluate a supplier against all aspects of the 3M Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy. We began rolling out this scorecard with prioritized suppliers in 2019, completing evaluations of suppliers in each region. The results of the evaluation provide 3M further insight into each supplier’s conformance status while also highlighting opportunities and areas to focus on for improvement. The goal is that the evaluation results create a path to work together to further advance the sustainability of the global pulp and paper supply chain.
With the help of EF, we have so far conducted 15 field assessments across all regions, covering more than 19 million hectares of forests. We do not limit this engagement to our direct suppliers. Some of those assessments reviewed Tier 2 pulp mills and were also attended by a Tier 1 supplier. 3M’s participation in supplier field assessments with EF helps us to understand first-hand the challenges faced by pulp and paper companies and forest managers around the world. This, in turn, enables us to participate actively in developing solutions and advancing conversations about responsible sourcing and sustainable forestry.
With the help of Earthworm Foundation, we have so far conducted 15 across all regions, covering more than field assessments 19M hectares of forests. 
Supplier self-assessments. 
We aim to work with suppliers and peer companies to amplify our efforts to mitigate risks, improve efficiencies, and drive sustainable practices throughout the supply chain. 3M and third-party provider Earthworm Foundation (EF) created a Policy Conformance Self-Assessment Tool with the purpose of having our suppliers assess themselves against all aspects of the 3M Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy. Since the creation of this tool, we have been working with our suppliers across all tiers of the supply chain to complete this self-assessment. EF helps us review the information we obtain from them and combine that with geography and industry-specific knowledge to conduct desktop risk assessments of our supply chains. We use these assessments to prioritize further engagement and to learn more about our suppliers’ responsible sourcing and sustainable forestry practices. Some of the ways we engage further across all tiers of the supply chain may include conducting web conferences, inperson meetings, or field assessments at the mill and/or forest level.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 176 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Direct collaboration and transformation projects. 
While we will continue to conduct field assessments in our supply chain where warranted by risk or where we identify that it is important to get on the ground to better understand the risk and current mitigation efforts, we have been shifting our overall focus to more direct collaborations with suppliers and other third parties. To date, we have participated in transformation projects covering over 10 million hectares.
Although 2021 continued to present challenges due to COVID-19, we adjusted our implementation strategy to adapt to these challenges. Where we hoped to be able to conduct onthe-ground and in-person activities, we shifted to remote and digital engagements, when applicable. We were able to make solid progress in implementing our policy through these challenging times by working with strong, collaborative suppliers and other third parties.
More information on these assessments and other collaborative efforts can be found in our Pulp and Paper Sourcing Policy Progress Reports, including: • Satellite monitoring of forests:
In 2021, 3M began monitoring its forest sources in British Columbia, Canada, using Starling, a satellite monitoring service. This monitoring includes areas where EF is working with the Tsay Keh Dene to identify HCVs (high conservation value). If Starling detects harvesting within Intact Forest Landscapes and critical caribou habitat in the monitoring area, 3M will follow up with suppliers that may be sourcing from the region to ensure that the identified HCVs are managed in a way in which they are either maintained or enhanced.
• Human rights in forestry: 3M also supported EF to assess Chilean forestry stakeholder perceptions of the pulp and paper sector’s performance on human rights. EF consulted with public and private agencies, academia, civil society organizations, community leaders, and workers to understand their perspectives on potential solutions to the social management challenges that the industry faces. The main concerns identified by stakeholders so far include respect to Indigenous peoples’ land rights, questions around the positive impact of forest plantations on communities, and the need for water availability for all uses. Preliminary findings will be further investigated through a field visit to explore persisting challenges on the ground and learn from identified innovative approaches and initiatives.
• Environmental justice: Many. 
African Americans in the rural south have long faced wealth development challenges specifically related to land ownership and engagement in forestry.1 In 2021, 3M proudly supported the Sustainable Forestry and African American Land Retention (SFLR) Network — an organization that helps families generate income from their land and allowing land to be seen as an asset to be shared across generations while also keeping forests as forests. That’s good for families and for the forests we all depend on to purify our air and water and conserve biodiversity.
1 Schelhas, J. and Hitchner, S.L. (2020), Integrating Research and Outreach for Environmental Justice: African American Land Ownership and Forestry. Annals of Anthropological Practice, 44: 47-64. https://doi.org/10.1111/napa.12133. 
Field assessment Transformation project. 
Pulp and paper field assessments and transformation projects. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 177 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Supplier recognition. 
Our supplier recognition program seeks to recognize those outstanding suppliers that help us succeed in carrying out our promise to help solve some of the world’s greatest challenges.
Each year, 3M sourcing professionals nominate exemplary suppliers to be recognized for world-class performance based on strategic support, contract compliance, actions taken to improve 3M’s competitiveness, and overall supplier performance. Last year, 3M recognized the top 40 suppliers out of thousands of suppliers in the 3M supply chain.
Collaboration for change 3M Brazil is a signatory to the National Pact to Eradicate Slave Labor and joined InPACTO — the National Pact Institute for the Eradication of Slave Labor — a trade association focused exclusively on collaborative efforts among members, including 3M, and committed to the goals of the National Pact.
Supplier Sustainability Solutions Expo 3M hosted a Supplier Sustainability Solutions Expo virtually in 2021, showcasing 24 suppliers across 15 categories such as papers, liners, nonwovens, fibers, packaging, polymers, chemicals, equipment, and services. They shared sustainability innovations and how they align with 3M’s Sustainability Value Commitment — which is a requirement that every new product demonstrates how it drives impact for the greater good. The event was well attended by the global 3M audience and demonstrated our commitment to strong collaboration with innovative suppliers to help us source more sustainable materials and technologies.
Last year, 3M recognized the top 40 suppliers out of thousands of suppliers in the 3M supply chain. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 178 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
We recognize the supply chains of many materials involve both risks and opportunities. By collaborating with suppliers and advisors in this area, we are continuing to improve our supply chain management systems: • We are committed to utilizing third- party resources to conduct more assessments in higher-risk areas of the world.
• We are publishing our Responsible. 
Minerals Sourcing Policy in 11 languages to support our global supply base.
• We will increase efforts with providers of pulp and paper to evaluate and improve their understanding and conformance with 3M’s environmental and social expectations, including refreshing our Sustainable Forestry resource page and investing in transformation projects that will enhance the global pulp and paper supply chain.
• We are evaluating our portfolio of higher-risk renewable materials and performing supply chain traceability to understand and mitigate 3M’s risks.
• We are expanding our due-diligence efforts for higher-risk materials (e.g., mica, other forest products) to further mitigate risk to our business and advance responsible supply chains.
• We will continuously revitalize our Supplier Diversity strategy and refine our process to provide greater opportunities for diverse groups through enhanced advocacy, access, identification, and education — all to drive positive impact in our communities and our supply chain.
• Regarding modern slavery and human trafficking, we will continue to measure and improve the effectiveness of our due diligence program by: ○ Identifying ways to improve employee and supplier awareness of 3M’s commitment to respect human rights and efforts to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking within our supply chain ○ Staying abreast of information on global risks of slavery and human trafficking ○ Focusing our assessment programs on internal and external operations with the highest risk of potential human rights violations ○ Enhancing our due diligence management system, expanding the use of third-party resources to help identify and address salient human rights issues within our sphere of influence and staying aligned with internationally accepted frameworks like the United Nations Guiding Principles ○ Strengthening contracts with suppliers, and other forms of supplier self-certification, so that suppliers will not provide products or services to 3M that use labor resulting from mental or physical coercion, physical punishment, slavery, human trafficking, or other oppressive labor conditions, including implementation of policies and due diligence practices to proliferate expectations throughout the supply chain. 
Finally, despite the EU Conflict Minerals Regulation not currently affecting 3M yet, we will continue to monitor our imports and proactively assess potential applicability of evolving regulations so we are prepared to comply.

Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 179 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Introduction 181. 
Our customers 182. 
Innovation management 193. 
Our products 206. 
What we create. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 180 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


This self-directed, self-organized group unites 10,000-plus 3M scientists and engineers who work together to solve problems across oceans and continents, regardless of which business they support.
3M development teams within each of our business groups draw upon our core technologies to create products for targeted industries and geographies.
We believe in an equitable and inclusive world, so we think, work, and act to drive meaningful change that endures. Together, we commit to creating a more sustainable world for future generations. While we recognize the importance of what we do in our own businesses and will continue to innovate there, we know we can make a greater impact when we collaborate with others — customers, governments, NGOs, and more — to understand and overcome the global challenges we face. Together, everyone achieves more.
What we create. 
For 120 years, we have been dedicated to science and exploration. Using our 51 Technology Platforms and our collaborative culture, our people apply their talent to combine our technologies across businesses, creating unique solutions for our customers and society. Everything we create is shaped by a culture that uses science to solve the world’s greatest challenges. Since 2019, every new product entering the new product commercialization process has incorporated a Sustainability Value Commitment that demonstrates how it drives impact for the greater good.
We integrate the best of 3M globally — our technologies, capabilities, and solutions — to solve the seemingly impossible and help people, businesses, and communities achieve extraordinary outcomes.
Scientists in our central laboratory are free to focus on pure research in search of unscripted, unexpected opportunities for breakthroughs. Our unique 15% Culture allows them the freedom to follow their instincts. At the same time, our Tech Forum is a key enabler of collaboration. For 120 years, we have been dedicated to science and exploration. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 181 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
Whether it’s technology, manufacturing, global capabilities, or our brand, we are committed to connecting our fundamental strengths to create value for our customers. We engage them and delve into their processes, their problems, and their promises to their customers. We bring our technology to them, along with a deep domain of expertise, and we deepen it further by working side by side with them.
Throughout the process, we not only meet their expressed needs — we are often able to identify and address unarticulated needs. In both cases, we create science-based solutions for them and, at the same time, innovative growth platforms for 3M. Additional details on our innovation process can be found in the Innovation management section.
Collaboration at its best. 
Scientists in our central laboratory are free to focus on pure research in search of unscripted, unexpected opportunities for breakthroughs. Our unique 15% Culture gives them the freedom to follow their instincts. At the same time, our Tech Forum is a key enabler of collaboration.
This collaborative spirit extends well beyond the walls of 3M too. As we recognize a need to take collective action to address significant global issues, we look for opportunities to lead and partner with organizations that share our ambitions.
Building sustainability into all new products. 
Since 2019, we require 100% of our products entering the new product commercialization process to include a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) that demonstrates how it drives impact for the greater good. By embedding sustainability into our R&D process, our brands, and the mindset of our customers and suppliers, we’re able to continue to advance our commitment to improving our business, our planet, and every life.
Our customers Working together for innovation and growth. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 182 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
Four strategic priorities deliver value for our customers: portfolio management, transformation, innovation, and people and culture. In all, we work to understand our customers’ business models, what they have promised their customers, what our role is in the value chain, and how we can help them deliver on their promises.
Helping the world respond to COVID-19. 
In 2021, the pandemic continued to pose new challenges to public health and our customers. We continued to play a critical role in the fight against COVID-19 by evolving our approach to help support a return to normal. With a focus on helping economies reopen and recover, our efforts included: • Increasing manufacturing, supply, and delivery of personal protective equipment (PPE) like N95 respirators to professional sectors to the health care space and beyond to help open up the economy • Playing a key role in helping to enable production of COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics through around-the-clock manufacturing of purification and filtration products for use by biopharma companies • Driving education for a variety of stakeholders around N95 respirators and why they are an important resource in the fight against COVID-19. 
Our customers continue to recognize and reinforce the value of our SVCs and how they drive impact for their organizations, so we are committed to maintaining and expanding them in the future. Learn more about our SVCs and how we are building on them in the Innovation management section.
Creating competitive advantages for customers and for 3M. 
At 3M, many of our products are either specified (designed for the customer) or regulated (meeting specific performance and other requirements). We also work through multiple commerce channels, including distribution, direct, retail, and e-commerce. In every channel, we maintain a customer-first focus, so that we can be in a position to deliver value when, where, and how they want it.
One way we deliver added value to our customers is through comprehensive training and education for many of the industries and markets we serve, including in health care and personal safety. In doing so, we can equip our customers not only with many of the products they need but also knowledge on best practices and applications of these solutions to help maximize their effective use. In addition, this work aligns with our efforts to advance UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) focused on health care and economic growth.
Goal: provide training to five million people globally on worker and patient safety.
We will continue to support empowerment and enrichment for global health and safety issues through our commitment to improve the health and safety of people worldwide. To measure progress against this goal, we will track the number of training experiences delivered by our Health Care and Personal Safety Academies.
Progress: toward goal of 5M worker and patient safety training instances 2025 goal 2015. 
Goal: help our customers reduce their GHGs by 250 million tons of CO2 equivalent emissions through the use of 3M products by 2025.
While 3M has made significant greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions across our global operations, we realize we can make greater contributions by helping our customers reduce their GHG emissions through the use of our products.
In addition, we serve our customers through a wide range of innovative products that help them improve energy efficiency and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
Progress: toward goal of 250 million metric tons 2025 goal 2015. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 183 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Evaluating customer GHG emissions reductions. 
In 2015, we introduced our goal of helping our customers reduce their GHGs by 250 million tons of CO2 equivalent emissions through the use of 3M products by 2025. 3M has a process in place to develop reasonable estimates for avoided emissions associated with the use of select 3M products. This estimation procedure is based on the ISO 14064-2 standard for determining GHG emissions reductions. It provides a framework for the estimation of emissions from the 3M product scenario (referred to as the “project scenario”) in relation to a baseline scenario.
We start by defining the boundary of the 3M product scenario as ‘cradle’ (extraction from nature) through product use (product end-of-life is included where information is available). The GHG emissions for the 3M product scenario are calculated using life cycle assessment or are estimated using screening-level data.
The same methods are used to estimate the GHG emissions for the baseline or comparative scenario. Where the data availability differs from the 3M product scenario, we apply conservative assumptions as needed. For example, if emissions data is not available for an aspect of the baseline scenario, we assume the emissions to be zero. The result is a comparison that conservatively estimates the potential impact of the 3M product.
• As part of their Project Gigaton — Walmart’s initiative aimed at reducing emissions in their global value chain by 1 billion metric tons (a gigaton) by 2030 — 3M was again recognized as a Giga-Guru supplier. This designation highlights suppliers that have set a SMART goal (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant and Time limited) in at least three of their pillars, agreed to share it publicly, and have reported avoiding emissions in the most recent reporting year • As part of our collaborative approach with industry players, 3M, through our Electrical Markets Division, joined our customer Enel Green Power and 15 other global leaders across the renewable energy value chain in founding the Global Alliance for Sustainable Energy. This initiative is comprised of focused working groups with an aim to decarbonize the global energy system in alignment with the 2030 agenda set out in the UN SDGs • Exploring opportunities for our air purification technologies to be used in school buildings • Sharing expertise on how to better prepare for future pandemics and emergencies with governments, customers, and stakeholders around the world. 
Helping customers reach their goals by achieving our own. 
Every day, we are energized to see the ripple effects that our efforts can have on our customers. As we set and expand goals for helping our customers reduce their GHG emissions, reducing our dependence on fossil-based plastic, and reducing our global water usage, our customers are realizing the impacts in their own goals. For example: • Apple recognized 3M as a supplier committed to using 100% clean energy to produce their products — another step toward their 2030 goal of 100% carbon neutrality in their supply chain. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 184 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


In addition, we are also helping customers improve sustainability of EVs. The combination of the tremendous global demand on lithium, nickel, cobalt, and other scarce metals, and the high energy consumption involved in making EV batteries has led the industry to look for solutions to reduce their carbon footprint. Plus, regulations in various countries are driving EV makers to achieve better recyclability and higher recovery rates of battery materials. To that end, 3M has begun evaluating how our core Technology Platforms could help make EV batteries more repairable, reusable, and recyclable. For more information, visit Automotive Experience and EV Solutions.
In 2018, 3M was approached to help customers address one of the biggest hurdles to automotive electrification: battery safety for electric vehicles (EVs). Our teams came together with customers to understand their challenges and developed a new barrier solution that cushions cells to help enhance performance while helping to protect adjacent cells from the heat released in the event an individual cell fails. In addressing this, 3M helped enable the future of electrification and accelerate the adoption of high-energy lithium-ion batteries for EVs.
Customer-inspired innovation. 
We have a model in place for customer engagement that uses our current product offerings and development opportunities. Innovation at 3M truly comes from the confluence of customer and market insights, technology, and our culture of collaboration and entrepreneurship. Building trust and credibility with our customers helps drive growth. We take the time to get to know them, learn how they live and work, and understand what we can do to improve their businesses and lives. We build relationships with our customers by demonstrating value, and our scientists work directly with customers to solve their unique challenges. Our most successful products are infused with strategic customer insights throughout the entire product development process.
This approach applies to virtually every market we serve. The following are highlights of customer-inspired innovation in 2021:
Automotive electrification. 
Many automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) see 3M as a science partner and a trusted source for innovative solutions, so industry leaders regularly tap into our material science expertise to help them solve their design challenges.
Due to the estimation methods that may be used, the uncertainty for these studies is ±50% (data of fair to good quality as defined in the WRI/WBCSD Product Life Cycle Accounting and Reporting Standard Quantitative Inventory Uncertainty Guide).
In 2021 alone, we estimate that our customers avoided emitting 18.1 million metric tons of CO2 equivalents through the use of select 3M product platforms. Since 2015, this is a total avoidance of 100 million metric tons of CO2 equivalent emissions for our customers. This evaluation covers only a portion of our product portfolio, including, for example, various films and food safety products. We will continue to expand the products included as a result of the Sustainability Value Commitment requirement.
3M helped enable the future of electrification and accelerate the adoption of highenergy lithium-ion batteries for EVs. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 185 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We, along with our customers, continue to research and glean insights on what works in the sustainable packaging space, including plant-based and compostable solutions as well as curbside and industrial recycling. Our learning informs decisions on improving packaging solutions for applications like household eCommerce shipping to help increase their ability and likelihood of being recycled. Examples of this work include the launch of: • Scotch® Box Lock™ Packaging Tape, which is designed to stick instantly to any box, even harder-to-stick-to 100% recycled boxes • Scotch™ Cushion Lock™ Protective. 
Wrap, a sustainable alternative to plastic cushion wrap that is made with 100% recycled paper and is recyclable with standard paper • Scotch™ Curbside Recyclable. 
Padded Mailers, a curbside recyclable solution offering similar impact protection to traditional bubble mailers. 
Sustainable packaging 3M’s Safety & Industrial Business Group and Consumer Business Group conducted research among our customers and consumers to understand their needs around making packaging more sustainable with the goal of diverting waste from landfills. Consumer purchase decisions are being more heavily influenced by sustainability. New packaging solutions need to be carefully tested to ensure their proper disposal is clear and understandable, and reflects the realities of how waste streams in households are managed. We also understand that our solutions must continue to provide high levels of protection in the shipping process for our customers.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 186 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Biopharmaceutical purification. 
In 2021, 3M continued to help our customers fight the pandemic from multiple angles, including through the use of our purification technologies by our customers who are involved in the development and manufacturing of antibodies and vaccines. Our global presence allows us to work closely with leading manufacturers, accelerating the engineering and scaling of their processes across the entire lifecycle of product development.
Respiratory protection, face masks, and air quality. 
Our customers also inspire us to create solutions that help them respond to events happening in the world around them. In the midst of the prevailing pandemic situation, consumers in Asia were looking for a solution that delivered respiratory protection and comfort — and we designed a new disposable KN95 respirator, the 3M™ Particulate Respirator 9513 to meet those needs.
In the U.S. and Canada, we introduced a new non-respirator barrier face covering, the 3M™ Filtering Barrier Face Covering, for use as source control when traveling, running errands, attending personal appointments, or doing other activities. It has a lightweight design with smooth inner material to help feel comfortable on your face.
Likewise, as our customers have developed a heightened awareness of indoor air quality, we explored how we could combine new technology with our expertise in filtration to help address this need. Our Filtrete™ Connected Solutions Team worked with Amazon to develop Filtrete™ Smart Air Purifiers that work with Amazon Alexa. They provide a 24/7 automated air quality management system that builds on the ‘smart’ technology in our heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) filters and leverage Alexa Smart Reorders for convenient filter replenishment.
Innovative home solutions. 
Our 2021 3M Home Renovation Study surveyed homeowners and found a majority of respondents — 74% — have a strong interest in eco-friendly home construction and improvement materials and practices. These types of insights drive us to create solutions big and small that empower our customers to make more sustainable choices in their daily lives.
Our smog-reducing roofing granules are designed to eliminate smog pollutants and improve air quality, having the same type of effect as trees. By the end of 2021, 1 million trees’ worth of smog-fighting capacity has been installed on roofs using these granules. We’ve also reformulated our Scotch-Mount™ Indoor Double-Sided Mounting Tape to reduce solvent use by over 300,000 pounds per year. This is just one of many of our solutions recognized by The Home Depot’s Eco Actions initiative, which educates consumers on how to make sustainable purchases in and around the home.
3M’s Filtrete™ Connected Solutions team worked with Amazon to develop Filtrete™ Smart Air Purifiers that work with Amazon Alexa to help address a heightened awareness of indoor air quality. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 187 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Other advancements included 3M™ M*Modal Scout, which leverages our cloud-based natural language understanding (NLU) technology to mine and aggregate vast amounts of patient data from different medical record platforms. This helps eliminate manual report reviews and help improve critical functions like patient follow-ups. See how 3M is Transforming Health Care.
Augmented and virtual reality. 
One of our approaches to innovation is to identify an emerging market and then evaluate what challenges in that space we are uniquely able to solve for our customers. Starting in the early 2010s, one such opportunity arose in the wearables space with augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) headsets. Manufacturers were looking to create the best possible viewing experience while maintaining a thinner form factor, including using folded optics. Over the next decade, 3M scientists engaged regularly with customers and explored how our multilayer optical films (MOFs) — expertise and technology we had originally pioneered in the 1990s — could be applied to help make folded optics a viable solution.
In 2021, after years of iteration, testing, and collaboration, 3M began producing folded optics for highresolution VR headsets for multiple customers leveraging either curved or flat lenses in their devices. Learn more about 3M’s AR/VR solutions.
Transforming health care. 
The pandemic continued to strain global healthcare systems and push many healthcare professionals to the point of burnout in 2021. To help respond, we provided custom resource webpages to our customers that offered solutions on a variety of topics, including getting back to business and caring for clinicians and their patients during COVID-19. For more information, see how 3M is helping the world respond to COVID-19.
3M also worked with healthcare customers on innovating new ways to reduce some of the time-consuming burdens that can contribute to burnout and keep them from direct care with patients. For example, physicians spend 60% of their time working in Electronic Health Record (EHRs). We began beta testing 3M™ M*Modal computer-assisted physician documentation (CAPD) technology, which uses artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver proactive nudges to clinicians as they document in the EHR using speech, templates, and/or typing. Hundreds of physicians tested the technology as we used machine learning to “train” our algorithms, helping increase their accuracy and efficiency so physicians have more time to care for patients.
These highly integrated collaborations involve constant communication where we can stay apprised of their initiatives in advance and be ready to support them to get these critical products ready and into the hands of the populations that need them. For more information, visit 3M Innovations in Biopharmaceutical Purification.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 188 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Even at a local level, we worked with customers to help them reopen with health and safety as a top priority — a key step in supporting a return to normal for many. 3M was named the Official Science Partner of the Minnesota Twins, teaming up to provide 3M solutions in cleaning and disinfecting, hygiene, and physical distancing to assist the Twins in their health and safety protocols as they re-opened Target Field for the 2021 Major League Baseball season.
Another key resource for collaboration is our 3M Brand and Design team. This team functions as creative catalysts to help drive growth by delivering distinctive brand experiences and innovative solutions for our customers and communities globally. Design Centers are located in the United States (at 3M’s headquarters in St. Paul, Minnesota), Italy, Japan, India, and China. They provide a place of collaboration, inspiration, and exploration for employees, customers, and partners. With nearly 200 designers worldwide, the team leverages design thinking in strategic problem-solving across capabilities including: • Brand strategy • Graphic design • Industrial design • VR and AR • User experience • Design research • Design operations. 
To learn more, visit 3M Design.
In other areas of our organization, solutions like the Microsoft HoloLens 2 (HL2) MR headset were deployed on an accelerated timeline to help meet the need for “onsite” collaboration in the technical environment of customers’ production sites. “HoloLens 2 enables our global robotics application engineering experts to remotely visit more customer sites and more efficiently collaborate in understanding these customers’ greatest abrasive needs,” said Scott Barnett, head of Global Robotics & Automation Application Engineering.
Collaborating and creating at home and around the world. 
When collaboration results in meaningful innovation — solving real problems — it can be awe-inspiring. To get there, we believe it’s essential to be close to our customers. That’s why 3M has 56 innovation centers across the globe, where our customers can experience firsthand the breadth of 3M technologies and how they can benefit from them. We also have laboratories and application engineering capabilities in 49 countries, where our scientists work closely with our customers to develop solutions for their specific problems.
As we continue adapting to the realities of COVID-19, we have found entirely new ways to be “close” to our customers even when we must remain physically apart. Leveraging mixed reality (MR), AR, and VR technology, many of our application engineers have been able to connect with customers virtually in even more powerful ways than before. 3M Bonding Process Centers, formerly known as the Global Adhesives Solutions Lab, are designed to help identify customized process solutions to complex bonding challenges and now enable customers to also virtually access the centers for consultations and live demos.
3M has 56 innovation centers 49 countries across the globe as well as laboratories and application engineering capabilities in. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 189 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Personal safety. 
Our Personal Safety Division (PSD) is also focused on providing relevant training for our customers. In a rapidly evolving business and occupational health and safety environment, our education and training programs can instruct workers on workplace safety hazards and health risks; personal protective equipment (PPE), as regulated by the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA); and the proper use and maintenance of 3M products. Our health and safety training takes place on the road, on the manufacturing floor, and online.
As digitization plays an increasingly important role in the healthcare industry, our Medical Solutions Division (MSD) continues to provide customer education leveraging a broad range of platforms to help assure accessibility. For example, our 3M Health Care Academy is available on MSD’s official WeChat account in China. In doing so, we continue to improve customer education efficiency and promote new and advanced medical procedures and technologies to help support health care in China.
Educating customers for health and safety. 
Proper use of health and safety products is critical for infection prevention, personal safety, and food safety. Building on our existing customer education programs, 3M has created training libraries that are accessible to customers anytime and anywhere, including on-demand education, live webinars, in-person events, and education resources.
Health care. 
We deliver educational content to health care professionals at hospitals and clinics, professional conferences, and via online webinars and courses — all around the world, through 3MSM Health Care Academy. These resources not only help customers get the most out of our health care products; it is part of our commitment to help professionals improve outcomes for their patients and customers. Education is available in areas including medical, dental, orthodontics, health information systems, separation and purification sciences, and food safety. Many professionals utilize our training courses to accrue continuing education credits toward their professional certification.
Transformation: continuing a critical journey. 
In 2021, we made great progress on our transformation journey, which uses our strengths in technology, manufacturing, global capabilities, and brand to provide a more positive overall experience for our customers. This work became even more important in the midst of ongoing global supply chain challenges. Specific accomplishments included: • Successfully deployed ERP (enterprise resource planning) systems in select United States sites and 3M Japan • Leveraged cloud technology to integrate data for an end-to-end process to visualize and optimize processes • Deployed a Customer Experience. 
Improvement System to measure and improve interactions across the various 3M touchpoints • Simplified, standardized, and redesigned business processes to deliver operational efficiencies and improve customer experience. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 190 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Throughout the year, 3M and Cornell University worked together to host global workshops on environmental monitoring best practices. Over 100 companies learned about how an environmental monitoring approach to food safety can help them identify and resolve small problems in their facilities before they become big issues that potentially result in significant food waste or worse. Throughout the year, we focused on helping customers design environmental monitoring programs for their facilities to help them maximize their effectiveness.
In December 2021, 3M announced that it intends to separate its Food Safety business and combine it with NEOGEN, which would operate the company independently, creating an innovative leader in the food safety sector.
Annual results. 
In 2021, the total number of health and safety training instances more than doubled from our previous year, reaching 1.27 million. Training instances are measured as the number of completions per course per year and include webinars, our e-learning platforms, and in-classroom events.
Food safety. 
While preventing foodborne outbreaks and large product recalls has long been a focus for food and beverage manufacturers globally, the additional challenge of labor shortages and supply chain disruptions influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic only further highlighted the importance of comprehensive food safety programs. To help keep these customers operational, our first lab to reopen amidst the pandemic was from our Food Safety Division.
Our roadshow can’t reach everyone, so in China, we provide a series of cartoon game-based trainings to help workers increase their understanding of health and safety concepts related to personal protective equipment. Workers scan a QR code to access the training, where they can view content and complete a training quiz from their mobile phones.
In 2021, we continued to expand and conduct webinars and trainings for our customers in a virtual format to deliver essential education like respirator fit testing, nurse PPE training, and fall protection training — all in a safe and accessible manner. The virtual reality experiences have been an especially popular option for fall protection training, where 3,000 students participated in 400 classes and received memorable, hands-on skills-training in immersive, realistic VR environments.
In several parts of the world, we use mobile vehicles to bring training and education directly to companies and workers at their job sites. This enables us to reach more people and provide more training instances. The 3M Safety Roadshow is a fully equipped mobile training center that showcases 3M’s industrial safety expertise and personal protective equipment. It travels to multiple locations each year and provides in-person safety training, education, and demonstrations. Supported by 3M’s highly credentialed technical service staff, the Safety Roadshow partners with industrial facilities across the United States, India, and China to promote safety and build confidence. 3M paused the roadshow in the United States and India due to COVID-19 but was able to continue in China for most of 2020 and 2021.
In 2021, the total number of health and safety training instances reached 1.27M. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 191 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In 2021, our introduction of new and expanded goals surrounding water, climate, and plastics demonstrated an acceleration of our ambitions to help meet the needs our customers and our planet. We recognize a need for businesses to become regenerative to help restore the environment where we live, work, and play. Our efforts to meet our goals will continue to leverage the success of our Sustainability Value Commitments and build on our Strategic Sustainability Framework — empowering Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and Science for Community. We will work to help support a world where nine billion people can thrive by applying boundaryless, collaborative science to provide the products, processes, and systems that improve every life.
Looking ahead, we will remain relentlessly focused on serving our customers as we continue to navigate a fluid environment. We will take the necessary steps to ensure we meet their most critical needs, including continuing to actively manage inefficiencies in global supply chains that support our operations. To that aim, we will continue to create value and improve service to customers by fully leveraging ERP capabilities, accelerating ERP deployments, and continuing optimization of processes through data, analytics, and end-toend optimization.
We will also continue to leverage our diversified technology portfolio to create innovative solutions for our customers and industries. Our Technology Platforms continue to evolve — addressing the changing and anticipated needs of high-growth markets. To support the global healthcare industry, we will continue our work building and expanding the 3M Digital Science Community (DSC) in Dublin, Ireland with a focus on enhancing our ability to address customer needs through development and deployment of scalable digital technologies.
As we imagine the brighter future we want to help build, we are eager to work in new and creative ways to expand not only our own impact on sustainability, but that of our customers as well.
In 2021, our new and expanded goals demonstrated an acceleration of our ambitions to help meet the needs our customers and our planet. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 192 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment. 
At 3M, it’s simple: We are a sciencebased company, and we use science to improve lives. As society’s challenges continue to evolve, so does the focus of our science. From inventing the world’s first water-resistant coated abrasive in 1921 to helping advance automotive electrification today, we are relentlessly innovating and adapting our technologies to help solve the problems of today and tomorrow while driving sustainable growth for our company.
Innovation is built into 3M’s foundation — founder William L. McKnight’s McKnight Principles set the course for the company’s unique 15% Culture, which allows 15% of employees’ time to be spent on projects of their choosing. This culture encourages innovation to flourish through uncommon connections; our scientists solve problems by making interesting links among our many technologies. Our 51 Technology Platforms are shared and combined across businesses to invent unique products for a variety of industries. No single business owns any of these technologies. They are managed by the company and can be used by any of the businesses to serve their respective customers and industries.
One of our 51 core Technology Platforms is Sustainable Design, which features our capability to incorporate sustainable design into our products, processes, and packaging. One way we demonstrate sustainable design is through our formal goal, expanded on later in this section, that requires 100% of our products entering the new product commercialization process since 2019 to include a Sustainability Value Commitment. By embedding sustainability into our R&D process, we’re able to support 3M’s growth and advance our commitment to improving our business, our planet, and every life. All of our businesses are connected by our fundamental strengths — technology, manufacturing, global capabilities, and brand — which allows us to invent, manufacture, and sell products across our vast global network.
Innovation management Creating sustainable solutions through science. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 193 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The Code of Conduct defines our values and the responsibilities that 3M employees and 3M suppliers must meet. Under this broad umbrella of values are principles, policies, standards, and guidelines that more specifically outline what 3M believes is the ethical approach to various work situations, including those that involve innovation management of 3M products. The Compliance Principle outlined in the Code of Conduct dictates that 3M employees and third parties acting on behalf of 3M must obey the laws and the Code of Conduct.
Product safety, quality, and stewardship must always be primary considerations during the design, manufacturing, marketing, and sale of 3M products, as outlined by our Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle. 3M employees must know and follow all applicable laws, regulations, and 3M policies, standards, and procedures for product safety, quality, and stewardship, and must report and respond to concerns.
3M management is responsible for addressing reported concerns and assuring that 3M employees are properly trained in applicable laws and regulations as well as 3M policies, standards, and procedures.
Internal standards for global compliance. 
We have established internal standards for uniform compliance globally in the manufacturing, sale, testing, and promotion of medical devices, food or drink, food or drink supplements, food or drink additives, drugs, and cosmetics for use in or with humans or animals.
Innovation management in our products. 
Product safety, quality, and stewardship governance. 
Our customers depend on 3M’s products to advance, enhance, and improve their companies, homes, and lives — and we have a responsibility to live up to those expectations. For this reason, every item we sell must meet quality standards and must be safe for its intended use. Our commitment to innovation is governed by policies and standards that allow us to move forward with integrity, confidence, and the common foundation of 3M’s Code of Conduct.
Human Subject Research Policy. 
Our Human Subject Research Policy addresses the protection of the rights, safety, and welfare of human subjects who participate in 3M-supported research. All supported research involving human subjects must be conducted in accordance with all applicable national, regional, and local ethical and legal rules and regulations and must be conducted in accordance with three principles, as described in the Belmont Report: respect for person, justice, and beneficence.
Alternatives to animal testing 3M is a major advocate for the use, wherever practicable, of alternative (non-animal) test methods to help develop safe products. 3M is a strong contributor in this area and is currently utilizing many of these alternative methods, such as computational toxicology and in vitro testing using isolated tissues or cells. We are also investing in the internal and external development of new methodologies that replace animal testing, and we actively engage with governments, lobbying groups, and industry partners to help further the science for the appropriate use of non-animal methods. Where animal testing is required, we follow our Animal Welfare in Testing and Research Policy.
Innovation management in our business processes. 
Chemicals Management Policy 3M is a science-based company committed to applying our scientific expertise to improving lives. Helping people live safe and productive lives is important to 3M — not only for our employees and customers but for everyone living on the planet. Chemicals are essential for producing 3M’s broad range of products. Effective and responsible chemical management, through 3M’s Chemicals Management Policy reflects 3M’s role in supporting our global community. Under this policy, 3M has identified specific chemicals whose use in products and manufacturing processes is subject to restrictions or specific management actions.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 194 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Each business must use corporate processes that evaluate the potential hazards of 3M products and transmit, in local country language(s), information about the hazards to employees, contractors, and customers; it must meet all applicable regulatory requirements and 3M standards and guidelines; and it must promote informed decisions about the products’ proper and safe handling, use, and disposal.
Our Ingredient Communications website provides customers and consumers with enhanced ingredient information for over 400 products. The website provides transparency into 3M formulations by identifying intentionally added ingredients and select contaminants. The function of each ingredient in the product is defined, thereby allowing customers and consumers to know exactly why a chemical is present in a specified product. The website also provides direct links to each product’s SDS. The website pages are designed to be easily printable, allowing people to quickly access the information and meet their workplace requirements.
Our Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the twin demands of developing products to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers while assuring that those products cause no harm to people or to our planet. To support this effort, our Product Stewardship Network, which is described in more detail later in this section, helps carry out the responsibility of regulatory management and life cycle management for our products. See the Suppliers section and Our customers section for more information.
Hazard communication efforts. 
Communicating the potential hazards of 3M products supports 3M’s core values and is an integral part of keeping stakeholders informed about 3M products. The vehicles for communicating these hazards and product chemical components include safety data sheets (SDS), product labels, product literature, instructions for use, transportation classification documentation, and other communications tools, including our Ingredient Communication website on 3M.com.
Part of our approach to product safety management is post-market monitoring of our products. We offer product application support, mine social media platforms for mention of our products and their impacts, and undergo other rigorous quality processes — all with a focus on delivering on our commitment to a positive customer experience.
Our Product Safety, Compliance, and Stewardship Policy underscores our commitment to commercializing and selling products that are safe for their intended uses; compliant with all applicable environmental, health, and safety (EHS) regulations and 3M expectations; and developed with a goal to continuously improve the EHS performance of products and corresponding manufacturing processes.
Further, we believe it is our responsibility to create products with demonstrated environmental performance across their entire life cycle, including product reuse and repurpose. We work with our suppliers and business partners so that their operations support these same objectives.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 195 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our actions. 
The challenges we must tackle for a sustainable future are daunting, but we see them clearly. They are broad. They are interrelated. They are solvable — with the help of science. We at 3M have the unique opportunity to apply our passion for science and collaborate enterprise-wide to find solutions.
R&D is the heartbeat of 3M. We continue to invest in scientific research and product development in collaboration with our customers. R&D fosters a constant stream of unique and innovative products that drive organic growth.
In fact, in 2021, we invested $1.99B or nearly 5.62% of our sales into R&D. 3M has earned more than 129,000 patents over the years, a testament to the strength of our innovation engine. Over the past five years, 3M has earned an average of close to 4,000 patents per year.
Throughout the year, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic remained at the forefront for our employees. Production of personal protective equipment and other solutions used in response to COVID-19 continued at an increased capacity. Limited accessibility to laboratories and other in-person work environments in 2021 demonstrated the resiliency of our employees to help 3M move forward despite the continued challenges. Read how 3M is helping the world respond to COVID-19.
Goal: Require a Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) for every new product. 
Advertising and Product Representation Policy 3M’s reputation as a responsible company extends to the products and services we offer and how we represent them. It’s our policy to represent our products truthfully, fairly, and accurately in all sales, advertising, packaging, and promotional efforts. All product claims must be substantiated and technically accurate, as specified by the Advertising and Product Representation Policy. As with our other policies, each business must maintain appropriate review processes of any claims or representations about its products. This includes substantiation of claims through testing based on sound statistical and scientific principles. For information, see our Advertising and Product Representation Policy.
Progress: achieving goal of 100% 2025 goal 2019. 
We require that 100% of our products entering the new product commercialization process (from 2019 forward) include an SVC. Many companies view the topic of sustainability in product development as a challenge, but at 3M, we welcome it and have taken an aggressive approach — working to identify and understand future sustainability needs and expanding our portfolio of products with sustainability advantages where possible. In 2021, we invested $1.99B or nearly 5.62% of their sales into R&D. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 196 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Almost every technical employee at 3M has a story about how they leveraged the 3M Tech Forum network to help solve a problem or create a new solution. “It’s like a candy store of technologies at 3M,” said Gustavo Castro, a staff scientist in the 3M Corporate Research Systems Lab, on what it’s like to be a member of Tech Forum.
One notable volunteer Tech Forum project resulted in inventing a better way to track polar bears with an aim to help protect them in the wild. Prototypes created by 3M scientists through the Polar Bears International (PBI) challenge were pilot tags that are non-permanent and minimally invasive. They combine currently available satellite transmitters with innovative ways to attach them, including the “tri-brush attachment” that was tested with Kulu, a new polar bear who moved into Como Zoo in St. Paul, Minnesota.
In 2021, Tech Forum showcased over 1,000 events, including topics such as 3M 2021 Green Chemistry and Sustainability Conference; Circularity 101: best practices on circularity of 3M’s products, packaging and operations; Product Design for the Circular Economy, presented by Reyna Bryan, president at RCD Packaging Innovation; Bioinspired and sustainable pathways to manipulating architecture and mechanics in polymeric materials presented by Prof. LaShanda T. J. Korley, University of Delaware; and How Culture Shapes the Climate Debate presented by Dr. Andrew Hoffman, University of Michigan.
Case in point: 3M Tech Forum, a selfdirected and self-organized catalyst for the 10,000-plus people in 3M’s technical community. Having recently celebrated its 70th anniversary as well as integration of its Tech Forum organizations worldwide, Tech Forum gives 3M researchers the opportunity to compare notes with colleagues around the world, collaborate around the company’s 51 Technology Platforms, and develop new ideas that fuel the 3M innovation pipeline. The collaboration takes place at various places and times, such as at an annual global event, spring symposium, recognition programs, and many chapter events held throughout the year. Global Product Stewardship, Green Chemistry, Circular, and Climate are a few of the chapters within Tech Forum.
Promoting innovation through our business processes. 
Fostering innovation within our business practices is essential to our continued success and our ability to serve our customers.
Our 15% Culture, going strong for over six decades, inspires creativity, risk-taking, and collaboration. It gives employees the freedom to take risks and learn from mistakes. That freedom is essential to scientific discovery. Employees can spend 15% of their time on projects that interest them. These projects and ideas might eventually become successful 3M products such as the 3M™ Emphaze™ AEX Hybrid Purifier, which continues to help researchers who are developing COVID-19 therapies. The clarifying filter helps remove impurities and DNA from the cell culture as scientists develop new protein-based therapies and drugs.
Leveraging global team collaboration 3M transforms diverse ideas and creativity into innovative technologies, business assets, and product platforms.
One of the many things that makes 3M unique is our commitment to collaboration. We collaborate with each other across businesses, across technologies, and across oceans and continents.
3M transforms diverse ideas and creativity into innovative technologies, business assets, and product platforms 3M Technology Platforms. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 197 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


True global capabilities require more than just presence in markets around the world. They require the skills of our global organization to execute our business models and enable us to enter those markets successfully — to take our fundamental strengths and applications almost anywhere in the world. We have sales in nearly all countries, with more than half of our workforce and sales professionals working outside the United States. By employing integration and collaboration across our businesses, geographies, and scientific disciplines, we effectively and efficiently bring new ideas and products from the lab to the factory to customers’ homes and businesses everywhere.
Finally, the power of the 3M brand adds value to every one of our businesses. Leveraging these fundamental strengths — technology, manufacturing, global capabilities, and brand — is what truly creates the value of 3M.
Unique and differentiated value. 
The power of 3M is in the way we connect our fundamental strengths to customers. Those strengths are technology, manufacturing, global capabilities, and brand. They define us as an enterprise and combine to build a business greater than the sum of its parts. The power of 3M arises from our deep understanding of what differentiates us in our performance across every business in our enterprise. It truly reflects how we’re linked together in our portfolio, even though we operate in multiple industries and countries. It’s about our technology but not just standalone science: It is technology supported by deep intellectual property — combined with multiple other technologies — that enables us to do unique things with and for our customers.
3M is also about our manufacturing capabilities. We’re differentiated and have a competitive advantage through in-house 3M manufacturing site ownership that also uses 3M intellectual property. One-fourth of our intellectual property sits in manufacturing, much of it in trade secrets, enabling us to deliver higher-quality, better-performing, and more competitive products to the marketplace.
Meanwhile, our New Product Introduction (NPI) process provides the robust framework for developing products from idea to launch.
Together, 3M’s NTI and NPI processes provide a common framework for technology and product commercialization for all global businesses. Deliverables are required at every phase of these processes. For NPI, this includes the Sustainability Value Commitment. Having consistent practices throughout the company for technology and product creation assists in risk analysis by providing a common language from which to share tools and best practices and manage project portfolios.
Processes built for innovation. 
New-to-the-world processes are primarily developed in 3M’s Corporate Research Laboratory, and the development of these new processes is captured in our New Technology Introduction (NTI) framework: • Explore: identify the business opportunity • Qualify: identify differentiated product concepts to meet customer needs • Deploy: develop the technical solution. 
At each stage of our NTI framework, one of the key deliverables is sustainability and evaluating the new technology’s potential impact through the lens of raw materials, water, energy and climate, and health and safety.
Fundamental strengths. 
Unique and differentiated values. 
Technology. 
Manufacturing. 
Global Capabilities. 
Brand. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 198 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


A strong diversity focus in hiring. 
At the heart of innovation is a collaboration of unique backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives only made possible through fostering diverse teams. When we reflect the diversity of the customers, suppliers, and channel partners we serve, we can better innovate to serve their unique needs. With this aim, we continue to set goals and work towards the diversification of our workforce at every level to incorporate and elevate underrepresented groups. To learn more, see our Diversity, equity, and inclusion section and 3M’s 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report.
We work to expand opportunities for underserved students by providing STEM-focused higher education and work experience programs: 3M RISE (Raising Influence in Science and Engineering) Conference 3M hosted a three-day virtual event, primarily intended to introduce emerging female and/ or underrepresented science and engineering graduate students to the wide range of rewarding careers in research and development at 3M, one of the world’s most recognized innovation companies. Participants heard from leading 3M researchers, managers, and talent acquisition about our technologies as well as our recruiting process and career opportunities.
Switzerland. 
Finland. 
Kenya South Africa. 
Nigeria Israel. 
Saudi Arabia 3M Gulf*
India. 
Hong Kong. 
Japan South Korea. 
China. 
Russia. 
Ukraine. 
Kazakhstan. 
Taiwan. 
Philippines. 
Vietnam. 
Australia. 
Malaysia. 
Indonesia. 
Singapore. 
New Zealand. 
Norway. 
Italy. 
Spain Portugal. 
Denmark. 
Morocco. 
Egypt. 
Turkey. 
Greece. 
UK. 
Germany. 
Belgium Netherlands. 
Ireland France. 
United States Canada. 
Mexico. 
Guatemala. 
El Salvador. 
Costa Rica. 
Trinidad & Tobago. 
Colombia. 
Panama. 
Peru. 
Argentina. 
Uruguay. 
Jamaica. 
Ecuador. 
Brazil. 
Puerto Rico. 
Pakistan. 
Honduras. 
Chile. 
Bolivia. 
Paraguay. 
Dominican Republic. 
Sweden. 
Austria. 
Lithuania Latvia Estonia. 
Czechia Hungary. 
Slovakia. 
Romania. 
Poland. 
Thailand. 
Sales in 200 countries/regions Manufacturing & converting in 31 countries/regions Laboratory & application engineering in 49 countries/regions Sales and marketing operations in 69 countries/regions. 
Key. 
Technical Capabilities Manufacturing & Converting Sales & Marketing Operations *3M Gulf consists of UAE, Qatar, Lebanon, Egypt, Oman, Kuwait, and Bahrain 2021 Global capabilities. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 199 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Promoting innovation in our products 3M’s Sustainability Value Commitment. 
In 2021, we maintained our goal of 100% of new products entering the new product commercialization process to include descriptions of their sustainability impact and how they drive impact for the greater good.
A Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC) is a demonstration of how the product incorporates environmental or social factors to contribute to the commitments laid out in our Strategic Sustainability Framework. Examples of considerations include reusability, recyclability, waste reduction, energy and water savings, and responsible sourcing or use of renewable materials appropriate to the specific product throughout its life cycle.
An SVC can also stem from a core purpose the product addresses, such as an environmental or social challenge like improving air quality, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, or improving patient and worker safety in health care and industrial settings.
The impact of this requirement for new products is global in scale. Beyond 3M’s own operations, a primary reason for the goal is to help customers achieve their own sustainability goals. It creates even more opportunities to collaborate with customers on solutions that help improve lives around the world.
3M Ventures focuses on finding opportunities where 3M is uniquely positioned to add value in addition to accelerating growth, and where we gain access to new technologies or capabilities that can help us better serve our customers’ needs. For example, in 2019, 3M made an investment in Oakland, Californiabased Eko Health, a startup specializing in digital stethoscopes. A year later, Eko announced it would incorporate its software and AI algorithms into 3M products with the debut of the 3M™ Littmann® CORE Digital Stethoscope, allowing doctors to listen to their patients in a whole new way.
Venture capital investment. 
As a global company with a leadership position in many industries, we must regularly look beyond the walls of our own organization to identify opportunities to support and drive innovation through strategic investments. Founded in 2008, 3M Ventures, the venture capital arm of 3M Company, aims to advance 3M innovation by creating growth options in areas of strategic interest through minority equity investments, utilizing the global entrepreneurial and venture community.
R&D internships. 
The R&D internship program allows innovative undergraduate and graduate students — majoring in a broad range of science and engineering fields from an accredited institute — the opportunity to work with senior scientists on projects that have real-world applicability. Each intern has access to 3M’s technological platforms, state-of-theart scientific capabilities, and a worldrenowned scientific community.
GEM (Graduate Degrees for Minorities in Engineering) Consortium. 
The mission of the U.S.-based National GEM Consortium is to enhance the value of the nation’s human capital by increasing the participation of underrepresented groups (Black/ African Americans, Native Americans, and Hispanic/Latino) at the master’s and doctoral levels in engineering and science. 3M is one of GEM’s corporate partners and, in 2021, we increased our engagement with the organization to support funding of 10 additional Fellowships over the next four years. Additionally, this commitment includes an internship opportunity at 3M for each Fellow. Cordell Hardy, PhD, senior vice president of Global R&D Operations and 3M’s Corporate Research Lab, serves on the GEM Board of Directors.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 200 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


In 2021, we launched a new integrated, centralized LCM system to improve our efficiency. This system simplified our workflows for product regulatory and safety assessments, so we can continue to better leverage these LCM processes and improve the EHS performance of our products. We also added new outcome-based Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to better measure our processes with the aim of learning and assuring our products are safe and compliant wherever they are sold.
During NPI, our business teams provide LCM deliverables. These include, at a minimum, raw material composition; assessments in human health and environmental toxicology, electrical and mechanical safety, and other disciplines, as appropriate; conformance to regulatory and customer EHS requirements; and hazard communication documents. Likewise, we evaluate LCM impacts from product modifications through our corporate product Management of Change process.
Our robust New Product Introduction (NPI) process is used for developing products from idea to launch and incorporates our SVC in each phase of our process. In February 2021, 3M Tech Forum helped us take another significant step forward by hosting an SVC Challenge on a new internal crowdsourcing platform called 3M Hive. With 28 project submissions, over 120 collaborative comments, over 600 unique visitors, and 351 participants worldwide, the event helped our employees focus and strengthen their SVCs for the benefit of our customers.
Product innovation that takes the long view 3M works to produce products with positive environmental performance across the entire product life cycle. We also work with our suppliers and business partners so that their operations support these same objectives. These combined efforts help define, protect, and assure the long-term success of our company.
Life cycle management (LCM) is 3M’s approach to assuring that product environmental, health, safety, and associated regulatory considerations are integrated into the development and commercialization of 3M products through 3M’s NPI process.
Life Cycle Management. 
Unique and differentiated values. 
Raw Materials Acquisition. 
Distribution & Transportation Disposal/ Recycling. 
Manufacturing & Production. 
Research & Development. 
Product Use & Reuse. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 201 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


As a global manufacturer, we aim to have a best-in-class EHS and chemicals management audit program. Toward that aim, we continued to execute a multi-year process where we took key learnings from individual manufacturing sites and applied them across the rest. The outcome included: • Adding new features to better enable sites to audit their own programs, involving 3M experts from outside a site’s auditing program, and having external, non-3M specialists visit and audit 3M sites • Expanding coverage for compliance and management systems • Increasing physical monitoring of site emissions. 
Another important component of our commitment to human health and the environment is our internal audit program, which is designed to assist our compliance with the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA). In 2021, consistent with EPA’s Self-Audit Policy, 3M made 11 self-disclosures, six of which involved non-compliance with certain record-keeping or administrative TSCA requirements.1 3M is committed to continuously improving our chemical management processes and procedures, as we seek to innovate responsibly in the best interest of our communities and the environment.
1 3M disclosed another four instances of noncompliance that were identified during our Responses to Information Requests pursuant to EPA TSCA inspections at two 3M manufacturing facilities.
In 2021, 3M approved the Product Stewardship (PS) Significant Event Standard, a new standard that governs 3M’s process for defining, documenting, tracking, and communicating product stewardship incidents. The standard outlines transparent and consistent governance processes surrounding significant events to align with the Product Safety, Compliance, and Stewardship Policy and fosters operational learning.
Our framework for product stewardship provides structure and consistency for overseeing daily activities in a proactive, not reactive, mode. For example, we have a selfauditing program to identify leading indicators. 3M has also been on the leading edge of product stewardship audits, beginning with self-assessments in regions outside the United States in 2007 and incorporating global audits in 2014. These audits evaluate, among other elements, product hazard and risk assessment, chemical control, life cycle management, and consumer product safety. The goal of these audits is to assure that businesses are meeting corporate standards and to share best practices globally. Our audit program is agile, and we have conducted deep dives into specialty topics as requested by our businesses that are seeking to improve their operations or meet evolving external standards, including audits for life cycle assessment and human subject research.
Our product stewardship framework. 
Responsibility for product stewardship at 3M is shared across a broad spectrum of functions positioned within businesses, areas, and corporate staff groups. Together, individuals across this spectrum work to support 3M’s core value of respect for our social and physical environment.
3M’s EHS and Product Stewardship (EHS&PS) organization aligns protection of our employees, our communities, and our customers. Within 3M EHS and Product Stewardship, we have approximately 400 product stewards, embedded within 3M businesses and countries of operation, who act as champions of product EHS, regulatory compliance, and sustainability. They help assure our products meet or exceed requirements stemming from 3M policies, governmental regulations, and our customers.
400 3M has approximately product stewards, within their businesses and countries of operation. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 202 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


We realize that we can make far greater contributions to addressing climate change concerns by helping our customers reduce their greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through the use of our products. To calculate the customer avoided emission contributions toward our Science for Climate goal, we have established a process based on life cycle thinking and the ISO 14064-2 standard. Additional details regarding these efforts can be found in the Our customers section of this report.
Promoting innovation in our communities. 
We believe advancing the role and perception of science and innovation is paramount to helping solve some of the world’s toughest challenges. With that aim in mind, we regularly engage in collaborations and activities that help us understand public sentiment and elevate stories that underscore both the need for and impact of science in our daily lives.
Supporting our customers and innovation teams with life cycle assessments (LCA)
In addition to the LCM program which applies to all 3M products, we complete ISO 14040-compliant LCA studies for select 3M products. These evaluations are typically cradleto-gate in scope because the use and disposal life cycle stages of our products can vary for our customers. This provides a unique opportunity for collaboration to better understand and reduce the potential environmental impact of our products across their life cycle.
We complete similar studies for several 3M-made adhesives and materials to evaluate the potential LCA impacts of these key components. Our LCA experts also collaborate with business teams to complete screening LCA studies to better understand the potential impacts of decisions made during product development.
The U.S. and Western Europe LCA process certifications from The International EPD® System were renewed in 2021 for the sixth year. The annual third-party audit, which will be continued in 2022, evaluates the conformance of the underlying management system with the program rules and ISO standards, demonstrating that procedures are in place to produce robust and accurate LCAs and Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs).
3M sponsors a website with over 750 pages and over 1,370 reference documents dedicated to product stewardship and global regulatory requirements. We also publish a monthly global newsletter to keep the network informed of recent and upcoming regulatory and program changes.
We employ a staff of AIHA Safety Data Sheet (SDS) registered professionals who have demonstrated competency in the skills and knowledge needed to properly prepare or review Safety Data Sheets and labels to meet Global Harmonization System requirements.
3M commits to professional development, education, and training by covering fees for professional certification exams, recertification dues, external conferences, and other professional development opportunities for employees.
• Undergoing regular, formal evaluations with 3M experts to review EHS requirements and identify opportunities for process improvements • Deploying one comprehensive holistic system of record for audit processes 3M values the continued professional development of its product stewardship professionals. In addition to supporting attendance at a wide variety of external classes and conferences, we offer an internal education program covering regulatory updates, policies and standards, toxicology, systems and business processes, and orientation to product responsibility. In 2021, we expanded our longstanding U.S. Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) internal education program to offer a formal TSCA certification program, certifying 89 employees.
In 2021, the EHS&PS Department offered 47 live programs and added 150 on-demand sessions to the educational catalog for the product stewardship network, covering over 8,000 training instances. The department also pivoted to online meetings, including a virtual Product Stewardship and Sustainability poster session for 3M’s Tech Forum audiences.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 203 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Another strategic relationship aimed at fostering an interest in STEM education and innovation is the 3M Young Scientist Challenge, which 3M has hosted in connection with Discovery Education since 2008. The 3M Young Scientist Challenge is a one-of-a-kind video competition and the nation’s premier science competition for students in grades 5-8 — sparking a sense of wonder and discovery in hundreds of thousands of students in the U.S. To learn more, see the Communities section.
The latest example of our collaboration with Nobel Media occurred in April 2021 and included the University of Texas at Austin. The two-day virtual event called The Nobel Prize Inspiration Initiative (NPII) aimed to inspire the next generation of innovators and was free and open to the public, live and ondemand. For more information about and examples of our collaboration with Nobel Media, see our website.
3M is an international collaborator with Nobel Media, and the two entities have worked together since 2016 to hold global, inspirational events that have brought Nobel laureates to all corners of the world, including Delhi, Tokyo, Seoul, and Madrid. Each event addresses a global topic; past events have focused on teaching and learning, the future of health in our society, and climate issues. 3M is committed to strengthening and enriching the dialogue between our scientific community and the general public, and our collaboration with Nobel Media helps us to do so.
Communication campaigns. 
Since 2018, 3M has commissioned an annual State of Science Index Survey, which explores global attitudes about science. This third-party, independent research project entered its fourth year in 2021 and consisted of a representative sample of 1,000 general population adults, 18 years and older, across 17 countries around the world. Data, insights, and reports are made available in an engaging and interactive digital experience that is accessible to all.
To supplement our State of Science Index in 2021, we also produced a four-part docuseries titled “Not The Science Type.” This in-depth look at access and gender inequity in STEM education and STEM fields features four female scientists who are challenging stereotypes and confronting gender, racial, and age discrimination as they rise to prominence.
Strategic collaborations 3M has continued our collaboration with Nobel Prize Outreach to bring light to important global issues, like the future of scientific education and sustainability. The partnership gives us the opportunity to jointly focus on educating, inspiring, and engaging a broader audience on big issues that impact people’s lives around the world.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 204 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
As the expectations of our customers, employees, investors, and stakeholders continue to increase, we are here to meet them — and grow our business — by investing in purposedriven innovation and building it into our products, manufacturing processes, and new technologies.
In 2022, 3M will continue to leverage the many updated policies, programs, and systems we implemented in the previous year to achieve even greater visibility, consistency, and productivity in managing our more than 55,000 products as well as new products to come.
We will execute planned changes to our Chemicals Management Policy in the coming year to reflect our commitment to safe and ethical use of chemicals in our innovations. We will also look for opportunities to perform alternative assessments to help our product developers select less hazardous chemistries for their product formulations. Additionally, to increase the level of transparency with our customers, we will explore opportunities to invest in solutions for the collection, storage, and communication of information about our non-hazardous articles.
Electronic and mechanical risk assessments have become increasingly important as we continue to expand into internet-connected spaces with smart products. In 2022, we are launching an improved system to conduct risk assessments of these and all hardgood products.
Our SVC program will continue to be a core focus of our product innovation and development process. We will lead another virtual SVC Challenge global event to promote further education and collaboration with an aim to find new and better ways to incorporate sustainability into our products.
With the help of our EHS&PS organization, we will continue to keep the safety of our employees, communities, and customers top of mind.
3M will continue to achieve even greater visibility, consistency, and productivity in managing our more than 55,000 products as well as new products to come. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 205 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our commitment 3M Science drives our business forward. We use and combine our technologies in unique ways across the company, creating new products and new lines of business across our four business groups.
Starting in 2019, 100% of our products entering the new product commercialization process must describe their Sustainability Value Commitment (SVC), demonstrating how they drive impact for the greater good. This formal requirement is significant because it embeds sustainability into the pipeline that produces 3M’s diverse global products.
Examples of considerations in developing SVCs for new 3M products include recyclability, energy and water savings, responsible sourcing, renewable materials, and the appropriate reuse of a product. Also included are products whose core purpose is helping to solve an environmental and/or social concern. Examples include improving air quality, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, improving patient outcomes, and enhancing worker safety in industrial settings.
3M’s product requirement has a global impact on our operations in 70 countries where we operate and on the products we sell in nearly every country. It also helps our customers reach their own sustainability goals.
It’s another important way we apply science to improve lives — through our Strategic Sustainability Framework and through each of our four business groups.
For more information on our SVC, see the Innovation management section.
Our areas of investment align with key global trends. 
We are targeting growth in attractive global markets: • Automotive: technologies to improve energy efficiency and help make transportation safer, smarter, and more connected • Home improvement: innovations that help consumers personalize their homes and keep families healthier and more productive, including our fast-growing Command™ Damage-Free Hanging solutions and Filtrete™ Filter brands • Personal safety: science-based solutions for respiratory, face, hearing, and fall protection • Biopharma filtration: innovations that help pharmaceutical companies advance the development and manufacturing of therapeutics and vaccines • Electronics and software: solutions that enable better performance and connectivity while improving productivity, speed, and agility for customers. 
Our products Embedding a Sustainability Value Commitment in all new products $35.4B 2021 net sales. 
Our businesses. 
Our actions. 
In 2021, we delivered sales of $35.4 billion.
Safety & Industrial $12.9B (36%)
Consumer $5.9B (17%) Health Care $9.1B (26%)
Transportation & Electronics $9.8B (28%)
This Information is based on information from 3M’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and does not reflect changes in measures of segment operating performance effected in the first quarter of 2022. See Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 for additional details.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 206 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our business focus. 
Our Safety & Industrial Business Group builds on our leadership in breakthrough science and expertise in manufacturing and applications, supported by our global experts, to help customers transform how work gets done. Working side by side with customers and channel partners, we are enabling them to solve their most challenging problems — all the while, helping to shape standards and deliver solutions and expertise that define the future of automation, connectivity, and sustainability. Together, we forge the path for a diverse population of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) and skilled trade workforce to empower customers to achieve their sustainability goals and help our world prepare for what is next.
Sustainability examples • 3M™ Sensored Cable Accessories help to gain visibility and data from the electrical distribution grid. 
Safety & Industrial Driving performance, safety, and reliability to protect people and transform how work gets done • Virtually dust free sanding with 3M™ Xtract™ abrasives with twice the life and cut rate and up to 97% dust removal • Fall protection devices that provide visual and audio alarms when not being used properly by the wearer • 3M™ Performance Spray Gun with high transfer efficiency, which helps to maximize the amount of material (paint) effectively used on the job • Roofing granules that harness the power of the sun to help improve air quality • Roofing granules that keep roofs cool and save on HVAC energy • Wind protection tapes that help improve turbine uptime and durability $12.9B. 
Our businesses 2021 net sales. 
Abrasives 11%
Automotive Aftermarket 10%
Closure & Masking Systems 8%
Electrical Markets 10% Industrial Adhesives & Tapes 23%
Personal Safety 35%
Roofing Granules 3%
This Information is based on information from 3M’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and does not reflect changes in measures of segment operating performance effected in the first quarter of 2022. See Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 for additional details.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 207 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our business focus. 
Inspired through collaboration with our customers, and driven by our innovative culture and science, our Transportation & Electronics Business Group develops groundbreaking solutions that advance today and redefine tomorrow. We leverage our diverse teams to develop practical and sustainable solutions and are committed to sustainability at 3M by helping our customers achieve their environmental goals.
We understand and anticipate customer and end-user needs, leveraging our cross-industry expertise in materials science, applications, and design to deliver breakthrough impact. Our customerfocused culture builds new platforms in emerging, high-growth market segments, like data centers, semiconductor, and automotive electrification. We create solutions that power and connect cities, homes, cars, and people, providing real-time access to data — wherever it’s needed.
Sustainability examples • Enabling the future of automotive electrification using the entire breadth of 3M technologies to improve the electric vehicles’ energy ecosystem and help make roads safer, smarter, and more connected • Vehicle lightweighting for fuel efficiency • Energy-saving window films • Water and chemical waste-reducing cleaning solutions • 3M™ Envision™ Print Wrap Films made in part with bio-based materials. 
Transportation & Electronics Solving tough customer challenges to advance a connected world • Enhanced infrastructure for both human drivers and automated vehicles to help improve road safety • 3M™ Dual Brightness Enhancement. 
Film to increase the energy efficiency of electronic devices $9.77B. 
Our businesses 2021 net sales. 
Advanced Materials 12%
Automotive & Aerospace 19% Commercial Solutions 18%
Electronics 41%
Transportation Safety 10%
This Information is based on information from 3M’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and does not reflect changes in measures of segment operating performance effected in the first quarter of 2022. See Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 for additional details.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 208 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our business focus. 
Our Health Care Business Group combines our deep healthcare expertise with an unparalleled breadth of technology platforms to transform outcomes for patients and professionals. We stand behind our commitment to better healthcare through more sustainable choices, world-class education, and advancing health equity.
Sustainability examples • Surgical, vascular, and wound care solutions improve health care outcomes, enhance the patient experience, and lower total cost of care through evidence-based solutions, education, and partnership.
• 3M™ M*Modal CDI Engage™ solution reduces the administrative burden on physicians and empowers the entire care team to drive better clinical outcomes by enabling the creation of a more complete, compliant, and accurate physician note.
• Food safety solutions help protect the health of consumers by detecting food contamination and help assure the safety of our food globally while providing a significant reduction in waste, energy, and water compared to conventional detection methods.
• 3M purification and filtration technologies are used globally to manufacture life-saving medications, including development of vaccines and therapeutics to combat COVID-19.
• Innovative dental and orthodontic solutions help simplify procedures and put patients on a path toward lifelong oral health.
Health Care Enabling better, smarter, safer healthcare $9.05B. 
Our businesses 2021 net sales. 
Food Safety 4%
Health Information Systems 13%
Medical Solutions 56%
Oral Care 16%
Separation & Purification Sciences 11%
This Information is based on information from 3M’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and does not reflect changes in measures of segment operating performance effected in the first quarter of 2022. See Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 for additional details.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 209 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Our business focus. 
Our Consumer Business Group is home to some of our most iconic brands, including Post-it®, Scotch®, Scotch-Brite™, Filtrete™, Nexcare™, Command™, ACE™, FUTURO™, and Meguiar’s®. These consumer products simplify managing a home or a business and make lives a little easier and more efficient. Our wide array of innovative products helps keep homes cleaner, offices organized, and other spaces well-maintained.
Sustainability examples • Scotch® Box Lock™ Packaging. 
Tape sticks instantly to any box, including harder-to-stick-to 100% recycled boxes.
• Scotch® Cushion Lock™ Protective. 
Wrap is an expanding paper wrap that cushions, conforms, and immobilizes an item for proven protection during shipping, moving or storage. It’s made with 100% recycled paper and is curbside recyclable, making it a sustainable alternative to plastic cushion wrap packaging.
• Post-it® Flex Write Surface can be written on with both dry-erase and permanent markers and can be wiped clean with water versus a chemical cleaning spray. The adhesive backing is 60% plant-based. It’s a light-weight film making this a great way to resurface or refurbish existing whiteboards and chalkboards — helping to reduce overall landfill waste and the emissions tied to product transportation.
• Scotch-Brite® Swift Scrub. 
Bathroom Build-up Remover is designed to fight tough buildup and work with just water. One Swift Scrub outlasts four eraser pads (compared to Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Extra Durable pads on tough soils).
Consumer Empower people to discover and achieve more every day • Scotch-Brite® Advanced Scrub. 
Dots Non-Scratch Scrubbers rinse clean, resist odors, and dry fast, and the scrubbing fibers are made from 75% recycled content.
• Filtrete™ Smart Room Air Purifiers automatically monitor, react and help purify air in medium or large rooms.
See more examples on our Consumer Sustainability page.
$5.86B. 
Our businesses 2021 net sales. 
Consumer Health & Safety 10%
Home Care 19%
Home Improvement 45%
Stationery & Office 24%
Other Consumer 2%
This Information is based on information from 3M’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and does not reflect changes in measures of segment operating performance effected in the first quarter of 2022. See Form 8-K filed April 26, 2022 for additional details.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 210 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Looking forward. 
In 2022, we will continue to drive long-term growth and productivity by focusing on new growth opportunities, including automotive electrification, home improvement and cleanliness, personal safety, biopharma filtration, and electronics and software. We will continue executing on our four priorities: portfolio, transformation, innovation, and people and culture, as discussed in the Leading with purpose and Our customers sections.
In 2022, we will continue to drive long-term growth and productivity by focusing on new growth opportunities. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 211 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


About report. 
About report, scope, and boundaries 213. 
GRI and UNGC index 218. 
SASB index 230. 
Assurance statement 233. 
Metric tables 237. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 212 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Current issue: May 11, 2022. 
Next issue: Scheduled for May 2023. 
Previous issue: May 11, 2021. 
Before 2010, the Global Impact Report was a fully integrated website. Therefore, copies before 2010 are not available. Starting this year, the Sustainability Report changed to the Global Impact Report, focusing on accelerating our ambitions and reporting on our global progress. This report provides a summary of the activities in fiscal year 2021 (January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021).
Organizational boundaries. 
This report covers 3M’s owned manufacturing facilities and leased facilities worldwide, including joint ventures (if greater than 50% 3M ownership) and partially owned subsidiaries (if greater than 50% 3M ownership) where 3M has full operational control. Acquisitions are included in data sets once legally owned and fully integrated into 3M systems. All data included in the report is global data unless otherwise specified. Any significant organization changes are identified in the 2021 Annual Report and 2022 Proxy Statement.
About report, scope, and boundaries Report schedule and period. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 213 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments. The term “material” used in this report refers to the “material topic” definition of the Global Reporting Initiative. It is used to refer to relevant topics, which potentially merit inclusion in the report and that can reasonably be considered important for reflecting the organization’s economic, environmental, and social impacts, or influencing the decisions of stakeholders. “Material” for the purposes of this report should not, therefore, be read as equating to any use of the word in other Company reporting or filings with the SEC. No part of this Global Impact Report or 3M.com/sustainability constitutes, or shall be taken to constitute, an invitation or inducement to invest in 3M or any other entity and must not be relied upon in any way in connection with any investment decisions. A further description of risk factors affecting 3M is located in 3M’s Annual Report on Form 10-K under “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” and “Risk Factors” in Part I, Items 1 and 1A; and in 3M’s Quarterly Reports (Form 10-Q) in Part I, Item 2; and Part II, Item 1A, as updated by applicable Current Reports on Form 8-K.
(5) social data as relates to employee metrics, social practices, and community engagement programs derived from various databases from within the Human Resources and 3M Foundation organizations; (6) responsible sourcing of materials and the related responsible sourcing systems and data; (7) acquisitions and investment related data as integrated into 3M programs and reporting systems via a prioritized functional integration schedule over time; (8) the impact of acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible organizational restructuring; and (9) statements about actions of contractors and partners or our work with them.
Forward-looking statement. 
This Global Impact Report and information on 3M.com/sustainability contains forward-looking statements about 3M’s financial and non-financial results, estimates, and business prospects that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “aim,” “project,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “target,” “forecast,” and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating, financial performance, or business plans or prospects. In particular, such statements may include but are not limited to: (1) statements which may relate to the purpose, ambitions, aims, commitments, targets, plans, and objectives of 3M; Sustainability Goal progress; the ambition to improve every life; (2) financial data or information derived from the Company’s filings with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission; (3) environmental, health, and safety (EHS) data as it relates to the environment, safety performance, management systems, implementation, and regulatory compliance, including data collection systems at applicable sites that track and collect EHS data through the corporate-wide EHS reporting systems; (4) 3M’s carbon emissions and renewable energy data as it relates to renewable energy contracts with third parties and utility-controlled generation or distribution networks.
Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events and trends that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those reflected in any such forward-looking statements, depending on a variety of factors and circumstances, some of which are outside the control of the Company.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 214 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Whenever feasible, 3M adjusts baseyear and other years’ data if data collection methods change or data errors are identified. Any significant changes in the measurement methods and/or data values applied to key environmental metrics from previous years are disclosed in the report. Significant changes are defined by this Global Impact Report as changes greater than 5% of the original data point.
Between 2005 and 2010, 3M adopted a holistic definition of waste to drive the company’s waste reduction efforts toward more sustainable solutions, such as pollution prevention. 3M’s waste reduction goal and progress during this period included recycling. In 2011, 3M returned to a more conventional definition of waste that considered recycling as neutral (contributing neither toward total waste nor toward good output).
3M’s Sustainability Goal to reduce manufacturing waste by an additional 10%, indexed to sales, by 2025 has a base year of 2015. Starting in 2016, waste disposed and waste by disposal type do not include wasteto-energy. Total hazardous and total non-hazardous waste include wasteto-energy.
• Responsible sourcing systems and data. The policies and management systems implementation in this area have been reviewed and verified by the departments responsible for maintaining the internal reporting systems. Sites acquired by 3M are integrated into 3M programs and reporting systems via a prioritized functional integration schedule. Timeframe for integration varies depending on subject-matter reporting requirements and site systems before being acquired; however, on average, integration ranges from one to three years.
Base year and other adjustments 3M’s 2021 Annual Report and Investor Relations website document any changes to financial data. Several of 3M’s environmental goals are normalized per net sales. 3M does not adjust sales data for inflation.
3M generally does not adjust its base-year environmental metrics data to reflect changes in 3M’s organizational structure. As a result, 3M sets environmental targets that are normalized or indexed to production (tons emitted or net sales) to assure the environmental progress we report to the public is not unduly influenced by changes to our organizational structure. However, in the case of our greenhouse gas emissions data, 3M follows the World Resource Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) GHG Protocol. Consequently, we readjust our greenhouse gas emissions base-year data in the case of business acquisitions and divestitures.
• Environmental, health, and safety (EHS) data. The EHS data in this report is related to the environment, safety performance, management systems, implementation, and regulatory compliance. Data collection systems are in place at applicable sites to track and collect environmental, health, and safety data through the corporatewide EHS reporting systems (e.g., Environmental Targets Database, EHS 360, etc.).
• Social data. The data related to employee metrics, social practices, and community programs has been derived from various databases from within the Human Resources and 3M Foundation organizations. This data has been reviewed and verified by the departments responsible for maintaining the internal reporting systems.
• Pay equity data is analyzed by a third party specialty firm. The third party’s analysis is not reviewed by Apex Companies, LLC.
Data collection, adjustments, and verification. 
The data provided in this report through facts and figures is based on activities during 3M’s fiscal year 2021 and rounded to three significant figures, where attainable. For some performance indicators, the previous year’s data are provided to allow for annual comparisons.
Report data collection. 
Due to the size and geographical extent of our operations, it is, at times, difficult to obtain all data points. Therefore, to the extent possible, limitations and assumptions are stated as information in the report. This report’s data has been reviewed for accuracy and completeness, including the reliability of the systems used to obtain the data.
Unless noted below, corporate staff have also verified the implementation of policies and management systems through audits and self-reporting systems.
• Financial data. Financial information referenced in this report is collected and reported in accordance with the applicable requirements for the 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 215 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Global Reporting Initiative. 
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) is a network-based organization that includes representatives from business, government, labor, third-party advocacy groups, and academia. The GRI organization has developed a framework for sustainability reporting. Following the GRI sustainability framework advances two important objectives: transparency and the ability to compare results from one organization to another. 3M has developed this report using GRI Standards. The GRI index outlines where specific GRI reporting elements and indicators are addressed in the report or other reporting sources, including the 2021 Annual Report, 2022 Proxy Statement, and/or other noted sources on 3M’s Investor Relations website. Our priority topic areas are identified in our sustainability priority matrix, the GRI index and reflected in our sustainability goals, aligned to the three pillars of our Strategic Sustainability Framework: Science for Circular, Science for Climate, and Science for Community. 3M selfdeclares this report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: comprehensive option.
TCFD 3M supports the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures’ (TCFD) recommendations for helping businesses disclose climate-related financial information. See the Climate and energy section for disclosures.
• Reliability of ratios compiled from underlying data • Adherence to the GRI Standards • Implementation of internal policies and related management systems as reported • Presentation of a complete and fair picture in the report as a whole. 
Third-party verification: APEX Companies, LLC (“Assurance Provider” or “APEX”) provided independent thirdparty assurance for this report covering activities January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. APEX provided moderatelevel assurance in accordance with AA1000AS-2008, Type 2. APEX’s assurance letter can be found in the report under Assurance Statement.
Global principles and guidelines. 
We continue to review global reporting frameworks and the evolving efforts of existing reporting frameworks to streamline reporting requirements. We’ve reviewed the “World Economic Forum’s Measuring Stakeholder Capitalism Towards Common Metrics and Consistent Reporting of Sustainable Value Creation” white paper released in September 2020. Many of the material issues from the white paper have already been incorporated into this report based on our strategic reporting strategy and other existing frameworks.
At the beginning of 2020, 3M changed its business segment reporting in its continuing effort to improve the alignment of business around markets and customers. Additionally, 3M consolidated the way it presents geographical area data by providing an aggregate USAC geographic region (combining United States and Canada areas).
In 2021, the reported customer avoided GHG emissions for years 2016 through 2020 were revised due to the availability of verified life cycle assessment data for one of the included product families where previous year cradle-to-gate emissions values were overestimated, resulting in a net increase in avoided emissions for those respective years.
In reviewing the calculations for 2020 Scope 3, Category 9, an error was identified regarding the net sales percentage used for the corporate regional emissions estimation. The USAC percentage was used rather than the U.S. percentage. This error was corrected and it increased 2020 GHG Scope 3, Category 9 emissions by approximately 83,000 tons CO2e.
Data verification. 
Internal verification: 3M has conducted an internal verification of the information provided in this report. The objectives for our assurance process included: • Accuracy and completeness of data • Reliability of systems used to measure and record data. 
In 2018, we identified an opportunity for classification of our manufacturing sites for a portion of our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions aligning to our 2002 inventory. This change impacted calculation methodologies for energy and waste GHG estimations therefore, limiting direct comparability of Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 Category 5 between reporting year 2017 and 2018. For this reason, reporting years 2017 and 2018 Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions year-on-year comparison should be viewed as an estimate. The 2018 GHG inventory is fully comparable with baseline year 2002.
In 2020, Scope 3 Category 5 (waste generated in operations) values were calculated at a 28.1% reduction from 2019 to 2020. This decrease is the result of further optimizing our model by increasing representation of actual data by 36.4%. The previous year values overestimated waste. The methodology within the model remained the same year-over-year.
In 2019, the value of GHG Scope 3 Category 2 (capital goods) substantially increased due to updated emission factors and an increase in gross property, site, and equipment put into service. This increase does not impact previously reported Scope 3 Category 2 values, and the 2019 Scope 3 Category 2 value is comparable with previous years.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 216 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Communication on Progress (COP)
The UNGC is a strategic policy initiative for businesses that are committed to aligning their operations and strategies with 10 universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. In 2014, we became a United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) participant, thereby committing to align our operations and strategies with the UNGC principles on business and human rights. This report includes an index of our COP implementing the 10 principles as well as alignment with the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) within the content of this 2022 Global Impact Report.
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
For our Global Impact reporting strategy, we utilize multiple tools and frameworks to assure we are objective, transparent, and globally relevant in our public reporting process. These include GRI, SASB, and the UN SDGs. With corporate operations in over 70 countries and sales in nearly all countries, our strategy is designed to be holistic. GRI was selected as the primary source referenced due to the global reach of the standard. For SASB, our diversity of operations would not be represented by their current industry standard classifications. Using our 51 Technology Platforms, our integrated team of scientists and researchers works with customers to create breakthroughs via our Consumer, Transportation & Electronics, Safety & Industrial, and Health Care business groups. In this year’s report, we detail our efforts on our 2020 materiality assessment. Before conducting this assessment, we reviewed and integrated SASB’s approach to materiality and materiality map to help prioritize the most important focus areas.
UNGC Principles and 2030 SDGs. 
Refer to the GRI index table for crossreferences of content in this report with the 10 Principles of the UNGC and alignment with the 2030 SDGs.
Contact 3M. 
It is through collaboration and partnerships that 3M can accelerate sustainability in our company to improve every life.
You can contact 3M Sustainability at Sustainability@mmm.com.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 217 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


GRI index Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index and UN Global Compact Communication on Progress. 
Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 102: General disclosures, organization profile 102-1 Name of the organization 3M Company 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services. 
Our products Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 5 206 102-3 Location of headquarters 3M Company 3M Center St. Paul, Minnesota, 55144-1000, United States 102-4 Location of operations Operations in 70-plus countries Innovation management Names of countries, 3M.com Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 14 193 102-5 Ownership and legal form Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 1 102-6 Markets served Our customers Our products 3M.com Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 4 182 206 102-7 Scale of the organization Employee programs Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; social performance, employee and financial performance Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 4-6, 14 107 237. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 218 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 102: General disclosures, organization profile (Cont.) 102-8 Information on employees and other workers. 
Employee programs Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: social performance, employees 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 6 107 120 237. 
UNGC Principle 6 SDG 8, 10 102-9 Supply chain Suppliers 166 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain. 
Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 6-7, 65-68 About report Suppliers 212 166 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach Advancing impact Environmental, health, and safety management Innovation management 34 120 193 102-12 External initiatives Leading with purpose Advancing impact Circular materials Climate and energy Human rights Suppliers 22 34 135 149 92 166 102-13 Membership of associations Leading with purpose 22. 
GRI 102: General disclosures, strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker Message from our Chief Executive Officer 4 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities Message from our Chief Executive Officer Leading with purpose 4
22. 
GRI 102: General disclosures, ethics and integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Corporate Code of Conduct Ethics and Compliance at 3M 82 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Corporate Code of Conduct Report a concern or ask a question 82 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16. 
GRI 102: General disclosures, governance 102-18 Governance structure Corporate governance 70 102-19 Delegating authority Corporate governance 70 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics. 
Corporate governance 70 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics. 
Leading with purpose Corporate governance 22 70. 
SDG 16. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 219 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 102: General disclosures, governance (Cont.) 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees. 
Corporate governance 3M Board of Directors 3M Committee Composition Proxy Statement, pages 8-10, 42-46 70 SDG 5, 16 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body Michael F. Roman, Chief Executive Officer Corporate governance 4
70. 
SDG 16 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body Corporate governance Nominating and Governance Committee Charter 70 SDG 5, 16 102-25 Conflicts of interest Corporate governance Corporate Code of Conduct 3M Company Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors 70 82. 
SDG 16 102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy. 
Corporate governance 3M Corporate Governance Guidelines 70 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body Corporate governance 70 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance Corporate governance Nominating and Governance Committee Charter 70 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts. 
Corporate governance Enterprise risk Leading with purpose 70 78 22. 
SDG 16 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes Corporate governance Enterprise risk 70 78 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Corporate governance 70 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting Corporate governance Leading with purpose 70 22 102-33 Communicating critical concerns Corporate governance 70 102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns Confidentiality constraints. This information is considered business confidential; critical concerns would be taken into consideration during our Enterprise Risk Management initiative: see Enterprise risk section for additional information on our mechanism used to address and resolve critical issues. Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 10-11 102-35 Remuneration policies Compensation and Talent Committee Charter Compensation Proxy Statement, pages 17, 47-50, 55-101 102 102-36 Process for determining remuneration Compensation and Talent Committee Charter Compensation Proxy Statement, pages 17, 47-50, 55-101 102. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 220 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 102: General disclosures, governance (Cont.) 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration Compensation and Talent Committee Charter Compensation Proxy Statement, pages 17, 47-50, 55-101 102. 
SDG 16 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio Proxy Statement, page 101 102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio Not applicable. Disclosure does not cover the specific impacts that make the topic material. 3M has an established process to assure our commitment to fair and equitable pay. The breakdown to calculate the median percentage increase does not accurately reflect our workforce levels and process at 3M to assure equitable remuneration. Additional details on our process can be found in Compensation and Employee Programs; Compensation and Talent Committee Charter.
GRI 102: General disclosures, stakeholder engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups Leading with purpose 22 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Human rights 92 UNGC Principle 3 SDG 8 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Leading with purpose 22 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Leading with purpose 22 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Leading with purpose 22. 
GRI 102: General disclosures, reporting practices 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 3-5 About report 212 102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries Leading with purpose About report 22 212 102-47 List of material topics Leading with purpose 22 102-48 Restatements of information About report 212 102-49 Changes in reporting About report Leading with purpose 212 22 102-50 Reporting period About report 212 102-51 Date of most recent report About report 212 102-52 Reporting cycle About report 212 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report About report Sustainability@mmm.com 212 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standard About report 212. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 221 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 102: General disclosures, reporting practices (Cont.) 102-55 GRI content index Indices to GRI and UNGC 218 102-56 External assurance Assurance statement 233. 
GRI 201: Economic performance 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 3-9, 16-40 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 41-121 Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, and financial performance 237. 
SDG 8, 9 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change. 
Climate and energy Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 9-12 149 SDG 13 201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 6, 79-89 201-4 Financial assistance received from government Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 17, 51. 
GRI 203: Indirect economic impacts 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Communities 40 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Communities 40 SDG 5, 9, 11 203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts Communities 40 SDG 1, 3, 8. 
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate Code of Conduct 82 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Corporate Code of Conduct 82 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures. 
Corporate Code of Conduct 82 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Corporate Code of Conduct 82 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16. 
GRI 206: Anti-competitive behavior 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate Code of Conduct Antitrust and Competition Principle 82 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, antitrust, and monopoly practices. 
Antitrust and Competition Principle Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 97-116. 
SDG 16. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 222 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 207: Taxes 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate governance 70 207-1 Approach to tax Corporate governance 70 SDG 1, 10, 17 207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Corporate governance 70 SDG 1, 10, 17 207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax. 
Corporate governance 70 SDG 1, 10, 17. 
GRI 302: Energy 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Climate and energy 149 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, energy 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 7, 8, 12, 13 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization Climate and energy Metric tables: environmental performance, greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 7, 8, 12, 13 302-3 Energy intensity Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, energy 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 7, 8, 12, 13 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, energy 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 and 9 SDG 7, 8, 12, 13 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services Climate and energy Metric tables: environmental performance, greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 and 9 SDG 7, 8, 12, 13. 
GRI 303: Water 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Circular materials Metric tables: environmental performance, water 135 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 6, 12 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Circular materials Environment, health, and safety management 135 120. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 6 303-3 Water withdrawal Circular materials Metric tables: environmental performance, water 135 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 6 303-4 Water discharge Circular materials 135 UNGC Principle 8 303-5 Water consumption Metric tables: environmental performance, water 237 UNGC Principle 8 SDG 6. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 223 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 305: Emissions 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Climate and energy 149 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 3, 12, 13, 14, 15 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Climate and energy Metric tables: historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, energy, and greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 3, 12, 13, 14, 15 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Climate and energy Metric tables: environmental performance, energy, and greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 3, 12, 13, 14, 15 305-4 GHG emissions intensity Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 13, 14, 15 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, greenhouse gas 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 and 9 SDG 13, 14, 15 305-6 Emissions of ozone depleting substances (ODS) Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, air emissions 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 3, 12 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions. 
Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, air emissions 149 237. 
UNGC Principle 7 and 8 SDG 3, 12, 14, 15. 
GRI 306: Effluents and waste 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials 120 135 306-2 Waste by type and disposal method Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Metric tables: historical metrics, environmental footprint; environmental performance, waste 120 135 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 3, 6, 12 306-3 Significant spills Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: environmental performance, environmental management system Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 97-116 120 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 3, 6, 12, 14, 15. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 224 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 307: Environmental compliance 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Environmental, health, and safety management 120 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: environmental performance, environmental management system Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 97-116 120 237. 
UNGC Principle 8 SDG 16. 
GRI 308: Supplier environmental 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Code 166 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria. 
Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Code 166 UNGC Principle 8 308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken. 
Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Code 166 UNGC Principle 8. 
GRI 401: Employment 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Employee programs 107 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Employee programs Confidentiality constraints. We can provide total turnover rate of 13.8% but are not able to provide breakdown by age group, gender, and region.
107 UNGC Principle 6 SDG 5, 8, 10 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees. 
Employee programs 107 SDG 3, 5, 8 401-3 Parental leave Employee programs 107 UNGC Principle 6 SDG 5, 8. 
GRI 402: Labor/management relations 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Employee programs 107 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes Employee programs 107 SDG 8. 
GRI 403: Occupational health and safety 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Environmental, health, and safety management 120 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Environmental, health, and safety management 120 SDG 8 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation. 
Environmental, health, and safety management Corporate Code of Conduct 120 82. 
SDG 8 403-3 Occupational health services Environmental, health, and safety management 120 SDG 8. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 225 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 403: Occupational health and safety (Cont.) 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety. 
Environmental, health, and safety management 120 SDG 8, 16 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Environmental, health, and safety management 120 SDG 8 403-6 Promotion of worker health Environmental, health, and safety management 120 SDG 3 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships. 
Environmental, health, and safety management Innovation management 120 193 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system. 
Environmental, health, and safety management Employee programs 120 107 403-9 Work-related injuries Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: health and safety; historical metrics, health and safety 120 237. 
SDG 3, 8, 16 403-10 Work-related ill health Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: health and safety; historical metrics, health and safety 120 237. 
SDG 3, 8, 16. 
GRI 404: Training and education 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Employee programs 107 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Employee programs 107 UNGC Principle 6 SDG 4, 5, 8, 10 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance program. 
Employee programs 107 SDG 8 404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews. 
Employee programs 107 UNGC Principle 6 SDG 5, 8, 10. 
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate governance Diversity, equity, and inclusion 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 70 55 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Corporate governance Corporate Officers Board of Directors Diversity, equity, and inclusion 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 70 55. 
UNGC Principle 6 SDG 5, 8 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Compensation Diversity, equity, and inclusion 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 102 55. 
UNGC Principle 6 SDG 5, 8, 10. 
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Human rights Respectful Workplace Principle 92. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 226 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 407: Freedom of association and collective bargaining 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers 92 166 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Expectations 92 166. 
UNGC Principle 3 SDG 8. 
GRI 408: Child labor 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Expectations 92 166 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incident of child labor. 
Human rights Suppliers 3M Supplier Responsibility Code 92 166. 
UNGC Principle 5 SDG 8, 16. 
GRI 409: Forced or compulsory labor 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers 92 166 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Expectations 92 166. 
UNGC Principle 4 SDG 8. 
GRI 410: Security practices 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Human rights 92 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures. 
Human rights 92 UNGC Principle 1 SDG 16. 
GRI 411: Rights of indigenous peoples 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures 3M Supplier Responsibility Code Human rights Suppliers 92 166 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples To the best of our knowledge, there were no incidents reported to Ethics & Compliance Department related to the rights of indigenous people in 2021.
UNGC Principle 1 SDG 2. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 227 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 412: Human rights assessment 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Human rights 92 412-1 Operations that have been subject to human rights reviews or impact assessments. 
Human rights 92 UNGC Principle 1 412-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures Human rights 92 UNGC Principle 1. 
GRI 413: Local communities 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Communities Human rights Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Climate and energy Suppliers 40 92 120 135 149 166 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs. 
Leading with purpose Communities Corporate Code of Conduct Human rights Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Climate and energy Suppliers Our customers 22 40 82 92 120 135 149 166 182. 
UNGC Principle 1 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities. 
Corporate Code of Conduct Enterprise risk Human rights Environmental, health, and safety management Climate and energy Circular materials Suppliers 82 78 92 120 149 135 166. 
UNGC Principle 1 SDG 1, 2. 
GRI 414: Supplier social assessment 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Suppliers 166 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Suppliers 166 UNGC Principle 2 SDG 5, 8, 16 414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Suppliers 166 UNGC Principle 2 SDG 5, 8, 16. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 228 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Disclosure number Description Cross-reference Page # Connections to United Nations Initiatives*
GRI 415: Public policy 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate governance Lobbying and Political Activities Principle 70 415-1 Political contributions Corporate governance Lobbying and Political Activities Principle Lobbying and Political Activities Governance 70 UNGC Principle 10 SDG 16. 
GRI 416: Customer health and safety 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Innovation management Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle 193. 
GRI 417: Marketing and labeling 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Innovation management Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle 193. 
GRI 418: Customer privacy 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Data Privacy Principle 3M Global Privacy Policy. 
GRI 419: Socioeconomic compliance 103-1 to 103-3. 
Management approach disclosures Corporate Code of Conduct 82 419-1 Noncompliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area. 
Significant legal actions for noncompliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area would be discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 97-116. 
SDG 16 *United Nations Global Compact Principles and United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 229 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Dimension General Issue Category Cross-reference Page #
Environment GHG emissions Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance, greenhouse gas and energy 149 237. 
Air quality Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance, air emissions 149 237. 
Energy management Climate and energy Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance, greenhouse gas and energy 149 237. 
Water and wastewater management Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance, water and environmental management system 120 135 237. 
Waste and hazardous materials management Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance, waste 120 135 237. 
Ecological impacts Environmental, health, and safety management Circular materials Climate and energy Suppliers Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; environmental performance 120 135 149 166 237. 
Social capital. 
Human rights and community relations Corporate Code of Conduct Suppliers Human rights Ethics & Compliance 82 166 92. 
Customer privacy Corporate Code of Conduct Enterprise risk 3M Global Privacy Policy Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 10, 12 82 78. 
Data security Enterprise risk Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 10, 12 78. 
SASB index Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 230 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Dimension General Issue Category Cross-reference Page #
Social capital (Cont.)
Access and affordability Our customers 182. 
Product quality and safety Our customers Innovation management Our products 182 193 206. 
Customer welfare Our customers Innovation management Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle 182 193. 
Selling practices and product labeling Our customers Innovation management Product Safety, Quality, and Stewardship Principle Advertising and Product Representation Policy 182 193. 
Human capital. 
Labor practices Corporate Code of Conduct Human rights Suppliers Ethics & Compliance Supplier Responsibility Code 82 92 166. 
Employee health and safety Environmental, health, and safety management Metric tables: 3M historical metrics; health and safety 120 237. 
Employee engagement, diversity, and inclusion Communities Employee diversity, equity, and inclusion 3M 2021 Global Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Report 40 55. 
Business model and innovation. 
Product design and life cycle management Innovation management 193. 
Business model resilience Enterprise risk Our customers Innovation management Our products 78 182 193 206. 
Supply chain management Suppliers Supplier Responsibility Code 166. 
Materials sourcing and efficiency Circular materials Suppliers Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 6-7, 12, 17 135 166. 
Physical impacts of climate change Climate and energy Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 9-12 149. 
Leadership and governance. 
Business ethics Corporate Code of Conduct Ethics & Compliance 82. 
Competitive behavior Corporate Code of Conduct Antitrust and Competition Principle 82. 
Management of the legal and regulatory environmental Environmental, health, and safety management Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 6-7, 9-12, 97-116 120. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 231 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Dimension General Issue Category Cross-reference Page #
Leadership and governance (Cont.)
Critical incident risk management Leading with purpose Corporate governance Enterprise risk Environmental, health, and safety management Suppliers 22 82 78 120 166. 
Systemic risk management Enterprise risk Annual Report on Form 10-K, pages 9-13, 97-116 78 *For additional details on SASB integration for this report, see the About report section.
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 232 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Assurance statement. 

 

INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT. 
To: Stakeholders of 3M Corporation. 
Introduction and objectives of work. 
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) was engaged by 3M Corporation (3M) to conduct independent assurance of its 3M 2022 Global Impact Report (the Report). This assurance statement applies to the related information included within the scope of work described below and within the boundaries specified in the Report. The intended users of the assurance statement are the stakeholders of 3M. The overall aim of this process is to provide assurance to 3M’s stakeholders on the accuracy, reliability and objectivity of the information included in the Report as described in the scope of work. The assurance process also evaluated 3M’s management of sustainability in accordance with the principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, and impact.
The information that was assured and its presentation in the Report are the sole responsibility of the management of 3M. Apex was not involved in the drafting of the Report. Our sole responsibility was to provide independent assurance on its content.
Scope of work 3M requested Apex to include in its independent assurance the following:  Data included in the Report for the calendar year 2021 reporting period as shown in the attached Summary of Assured Information;  Appropriateness and robustness of underlying reporting systems and processes, used to collect, analyze and review the data subject to the assurance process; and  Evaluation of the Report in accordance with the Assurance Standard AA1000AS v31 Type 2 assurance.
Excluded from the scope of our work is any assurance of information relating to:  Text or other written statements associated with the Report;  Activities outside the defined assurance period; and  Financial data and data reported that are not included in the Summary of Assured Information.
Reporting Criteria  World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions)  WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Value Chain Accounting and Reporting Standard (Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions)  GRI Standards, Core Option for the assured metrics  3M reporting protocol.
Methodology. 
Apex undertook the following activities during the assurance process: 1. Interviews with relevant personnel of 3M (including managers and staff members at the corporate and site level);
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 233 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


3. Audit of performance data presented in the Report including a detailed review of a sample of data; 4. Remote virtual facility visits (remote visits conducted due to COVID-19 restrictions) for manufacturing sites located in Hutchinson, MN, USA, Decatur, AL, USA, Higashine (Yamagata), Japan, Itapetininga, Brazil, Seefeld, Germany, and Perth, ON, Canada; 5. Remote review at 3M headquarters office located in Maplewood, Minnesota (remote review conducted due to restrictions from COVID-19); and 6. Review of 3M data and information systems for collection, aggregation, analysis and internal verification and review.
The work was planned and carried out to provide a Type 2 moderate level of assurance and we believe it provides a sound basis for our conclusions.
Our findings. 
On the basis of our methodology and the activities described above:  Nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the reviewed information within the scope of our assurance is not materially correct in accordance with the Reporting Criteria.
 It is our opinion that 3M has established appropriate systems for the collection, aggregation and analysis of quantitative data, including energy use, direct and indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, water consumption, waste quantities and disposition, injury and illness rate, lost day rate, severity rate, number of environmental violations, training instances, employment metrics, supplier metrics, diversity metrics, community investment, virgin plastic reduction and Sustainability Value Commitments.
A summary of data within the scope of assurance for the 2021 reporting year is attached.
Adherence to the AA1000 Accountability Principles. 
Based on the work undertaken during this assurance process, we are of the opinion that 3M adheres to the Accountability Principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, and impact as discussed below.
Inclusivity. 
Based on discussions with 3M, their processes appear to be inclusive of stakeholders. In 2020, 3M commissioned a third-party provider to update their materiality assessment and used that assessment to identify and engage stakeholders. Some of the stakeholder groups that 3M identified to include in their sustainability processes were 3M executive leadership, 3M employees, customers, non-governmental organizations, investors and the public. 3M also continues to work toward developing inclusion and diversity throughout the employment structure from entry level to management, supporting the pipeline of diverse talent in management across its global operations. This exercise has been initiated in 2022 for future reporting.
Materiality. 
During the 2020 materiality assessment stakeholders indicated that 3M should take a leadership role. The Chief Technology Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer report annually to the Board’s Science, Technology and Sustainability Committee regarding sustainability efforts. In addition, corporate leadership appear to support embedding sustainability principles throughout the company. In addition, 3M has set targets that reflect the material subjects and new products require a sustainability value commitment.
Responsiveness 3M receives questions regarding sustainability from customers, investors, non-governmental organizations and others through various channels. 3M has engaged enterprise risk and other teams across the organization to better align with future integrated reporting. The company has guidance for responding to customer inquiries on sustainability issues and uses this guidance for responding to other groups as well. Responses to external reporting surveys are coordinated by the corporate sustainability group. Each business group also has sustainability leads who assist with responding to stakeholders. In addition, through the materiality assessment, 3M is 
building out a strategy for future sustainability efforts. External community partnership relationships have been tied to the sustainability pillars.
Impact 3M operates under appropriate processes to understand, measure, evaluate and manage the organization’s impacts related to material topics. 3M ensures these processes are documented and integrated into the organization. 3M has set targets for 2025 and reviews performance against those targets to measure impact. The measurement is recorded on an internal dashboard that allows for illustration and evaluation of metrics throughout the year. 3M continues to measure impact through developing Sustainability Value Commitments for new products, development of product comparisons with respect to decreases in GHG emissions during use phase of products, and planned evaluation of impacts of community engagement and support. In addition, 3M is approaching impact looking at short, medium, and long term approaches.
Key Observations for 2021  Data systems at 3M allow for consolidation and review of environmental, safety, energy, training, and supply chain data at the corporate level for reporting. Automatic data compilation from the site level and other data sources assist accurate data collection and compilation. Internal quality control is implemented to review data quality. Data are available on a Dashboard allowing review and comparisons within 3M throughout the year.
 3M is working to decrease water usage and has developed a goal to decrease water usage in manufacturing as well as return higher quality water to the environment.
 3M has made commitments to decrease the overall carbon footprint with a goal to eventually achieving carbon neutrality as evidenced by purchasing power from renewable sources for the corporate and manufacturing facilities as well as obtaining associated renewable energy credits for the direct procurement of renewable electricity.
 3M continued to work within their supply chain, specifically with paper providers and minerals suppliers, to engage higher tier suppliers to ensure sustainable practices are being followed.
 Community outreach and support is aligned with the 3M sustainability pillars to demonstrate overall commitment and direction to social and sustainability goals. Corporately, the 3M Foundation provides funding to targeted non-profit organizations in the U.S. and within their global footprint. 3M engagement extends to the facility level and local communities.
 3M has committed to diversity and inclusion within their workforce and in community support. A Global Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report was published for 2021. 3M will also be measuring impacts of grants to underserved populations and STEM through collection of information regarding the populations that are served from the supported organizations.
Statement of independence, integrity and competence. 
Apex is an independent professional services company that specializes in Health, Safety, Social and Environmental management services including assurance with over 30 years history in providing these services.
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with 3M, its Directors or Managers beyond that required of this assignment. We conducted this assurance independently and to our knowledge there has been no conflict of interest.
Apex has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among staff in their day-to-day business activities.
 

 

Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 234 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


The assurance team has extensive experience in conducting assurance over environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, systems and processes, has over 30 years combined experience in this field and an excellent understanding of Apex’s standard methodology for the Assurance of Sustainability Reports.
Attestation: 

John A. Rohde, Lead Verifier David Reilly, Technical Reviewer Lead Assuror Technical Reviewer Lakewood, Colorado Santa Ana, California. 
Apex Companies, LLC Denver, Colorado April 4, 2022. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 235 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Demographic Metrics Units Value Waste Metrics Units Value Energy Metrics Units Value Air Emissions Metrics Units Value. 
Total Global Full-time Equivalent (Headcount) Total Number 94,700 Zero Landfill % of Total Manufacturing Sites 45.2% Total Energy Use (Absolute) MMBTUs 28,600,000 - Absolute Scope 1 Emissions (Direct) Metric Tons CO2e 2,980,000. 
Total Global Employees at Year-End (Headcount) Total Number 95,300 Waste Disposed: Landfill, Treatment and Incineration (Absolute) Metric Tons 168,000 Total Energy Use (Absolute) MWh 8,370,000 Absolute Scope 2 Location-based Emissions (Indirect) Metric Tons CO2e 1,590,000. 
Total Number Part-Time Employees Total Number 1,730 Waste by Disposal Type, Incineration Metric Tons 62,300 Total Fuel Oil #1, #2, #6 MWh 147,000 Absolute Scope 2 Market-based Emissions (Indirect) Metric Tons CO2e 992,000. 
Total Number Part-Time Female Employees Total Number 1,180 Waste by Disposal Type, Landfilled Metric Tons 105,000 Total Jet Fuel MWh 6,070 Absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 Market-based Emissions (Indirect) Metric Tons CO2e 3,970,000. 
Total Number Full-Time Employees Total Number 93,600 Total Hazardous Waste (Absolute) Metric Tons 58,000 Total Propane MWh 37,000 Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions (Upstream) Metric Tons CO2e 10,700,000. 
Total Number Full-Time Female Employees Total Number 34,000 Total Nonhazardous Waste (Absolute) Metric Tons 206,000 Total Gasoline and Diesel MWh 31,300 Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions (Downstream) Metric Tons CO2e 1,210,000. 
Percentage of Female Employees to Total Employees % 37.0 Total Waste Diverted (Absolute) Metric Tons 315,000 Total Coal MWh 0 -
Category 1 - Purchased Goods and Services Metric Tons CO2e 7,680,000. 
Percentage of Female Employees in Management Positions % 34.1 Waste-to-Energy Metric Tons 96,200 Total Natural Gas MWh 4,730,000 Category 2 - Capital Goods Metric Tons CO2e 488,000. 
Percentage of females on 3M Board of Directors % 36.4. 
Onsite Recycle & Reuse Metric Tons 53,600 Total Electricity Consumption MWh 3,200,000 Category 3 - Fuel and Energy Related Activities Metric Tons CO2e 488,000. 
Global diversity index: % diversity in management % 44.5 Offsite Reuse Metric Tons 32,400 Total Steam Consumption MWh 296,000 Category 4 - Upstream Transportation and Distribution Metric Tons CO2e 1,590,000 % Underrepresented Groups in 3M U.S. Workforce (entry-level to management) % 8.58 Offsite Recycle Metric Tons 142,000 Total Hot Water MWh 4,800 Category 5 - Waste Generated in Operations Metric Tons CO2e 152,000 % Underrepresented groups in 3M U.S. Workforce (management ) % 6.19. 
Water Metrics Units Value. 
Renewable Energy % Total Electricity Use 47.6 Category 6 - Business Travel Metric Tons CO2e 12,200. 
Environmental Management System Metrics Units Value. 
Total Water Use (Absolute) Million Cubic Meters 41.4. 
Other Metrics Units Value. 
Category 7 - Employee Commuting Metric Tons CO2e 327,000. 
Number of Significant Fines (Fine or penalty >$10,000) Total Number 7. 
Sites located in Water Stress/Scarce Areas; water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water with water conservation. 
Total Number 17 Customer GHG Avoidance through 3M Product Use Million Metric Tons CO2e 18.1 Category 9 - Downstream Transportation and Distribution Metric Tons CO2e 1,210,000. 
Total Monetary Value of Significant Fines Million $USD 0.448. 
Supplier Responsibility Metrics Units Value. 
Total Training Instances - 2021 1,270,000 Category 13 - Downstream Leased Assets Metric Tons CO2e <1,000. 
Health and Safety Metrics Units Value. 
Total Number of Suppliers Total Number 60,700 Percent New Projects Passing a "Gate" with Sustainability Value Commitment 100% Biogenic Metric Tons CO2e 2,560. 
Global Lost Time Incident Rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours) 0.397 Total Number of Supplier Reviews Cumulative Number since 2008 7,870 3M Impact Volunteer Hours 16,500 Total Volatile Organic Compound Emissions (Absolute) Metric Tons 4,100. 
Global Recordable Incident Rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours) 1.14 Investing in Racial Equity Advancements $12,000,000. 
Work Related Fatalities - 3M Employees Total Number 1 Virgin Fossil-based Plastic Reduction pounds 18,500,000. 
Work Related Fatalities - 3M Contractors Total Number 0. 
Work Related Fatalities - Total Number Total Number 1. 
Summary of Assured Information Reporting Year 2021 3M Company. 
Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 236 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 237 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric tables. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Global full-time equivalent employees Total number 91,500 93,500 96,200 95,500 94,700 -0.838 3.50. 
Global employee (headcount) Total number 92,400 94,300 96,800 96,100 95,300 -0.832 3.14. 
Total number full-time employees Total number 90,000 92,200 94,900 94,300 93,600 -0.742 4.00. 
Total number full-time female employees Total number 30,500 31,900 33,600 33,900 34,000 0.295 11.5. 
Total number part-time employees Total number 2,330 2,100 1,950 1,810 1,730 -4.42 -25.8. 
Total number part-time female employees Total number 1,540 1,490 1,370 1,260 1,180 -6.35 -23.4. 
Percentage of female employees to total employees % 34.7 35.4 36.2 36.7 37.0 0.817 6.63. 
Percentage of female employees in management positions % 29.1 30.3 31.1 32.6 34.1 4.60 17.2. 
Percentage of females on 3M Board of Directors % 25.0 30.8 33.3 33.3 36.4 9.31 45.6. 
Global diversity index: % diversity in management % 36.9 38.3 41.8 43.2 44.5 3.01 20.6 % underrepresented groups in our U.S. workforce (entry-level through management)1 % N/A N/A N/A 8.13 8.58 5.54 N/A % underrepresented groups in our U.S. workforce (management)1 % N/A N/A N/A 5.55 6.19 11.5 N/A. 
Social performance, employees 1 Underrepresented groups is defined as Black/Arican American and Hispanic/Latino employees. 
Values listed in the tables below have been rounded and therefore do not match actual values exactly. Calculated data uses the full precision of the number except where annual, five-year, and historical % change is calculated.


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 238 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Net sales Million $USD 31,700 32,800 32,100 32,200 35,400 9.94 11.7. 
Operating income1 Million $USD N/A N/A 6,170 7,160 7,370 2.93 N/A. 
Research, development and related expenses1 Million $USD N/A N/A 1,910 1,880 1,990 5.85 N/A. 
Total operating expenses1 Million $USD N/A N/A 26,000 25,000 28,000 12.0 N/A. 
Net income attributable to 3M Million $USD N/A N/A 4,520 5,450 5,920 8.62 N/A. 
Per share-basic Actual $USD N/A N/A 7.83 9.43 10.2 8.17 N/A. 
Per share-diluted Actual $USD N/A N/A 7.72 9.36 10.1 7.91 N/A. 
Capital expenditures Million $USD N/A N/A 1,700 1,500 1,600 6.67 N/A. 
Payments to providers of capital Million $USD N/A N/A 3,690 3,910 3,890 -0.512 N/A. 
Provision for income taxes Million $USD N/A N/A 1,110 1,340 1,290 -3.73 N/A. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Total global giving Million $USD 73.5 66.3 73.3 87.9 88.5 0.683 20.4. 
Total cash donations Million $USD 35.9 35.6 32.4 57.8 41.5 -28.2 15.6. 
Total in-kind donations Million $USD 37.6 30.7 40.9 30.1 47.0 56.1 25.0. 
Investing in racial equity advancements Million $USD N/A N/A N/A N/A 12.0 N/A N/A. 
Skill-based volunteerism Volunteer hours N/A N/A 20,600 14,600 16,500 13.0 N/A. 
Financial performance. 
Community engagement 1 As accounting standards change or 3M adopts changes in application thereof, retrospective application to prior periods is often required. 3M generally reflects such application to the current period and comparative prior two years in accordance with underlying accounting and presentation requirements. Therefore, historical financial information for periods beyond that range are not provided other than net sales above, which were not materially impacted by such changes for the periods presented.


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 239 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Sustainability Value Commitment. 
New product passing a “gate” with a Sustainability Value Commitment % N/A N/A 100 100 100 N/A N/A. 
Plastics reduction. 
Virgin fossil-based plastic reduction Million Pounds N/A N/A N/A N/A 18.5 N/A N/A. 
Environmental management system. 
Total number of significant spills Total number If there was a significant spill, it would be included in our financial statements.
Number of significant fines (over $10, 000) Total number 2 0 0 0 7 N/A N/A. 
Total monetary value of significant fines Million $USD 0.0900 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.448 N/A N/A. 
Environmental liability accrued at year end Million $USD See our Annual Report, 10-K, pages 101-112. 
Greenhouse gas. 
Absolute Scope 1 emissions (direct) Metric tons CO2e 3,960,000 4,790,000 4,050,000 3,600,000 2,980,000 -17.2 -24.7. 
Absolute Scope 2 location-based emissions (indirect)
Metric tons CO2e 1,880,000 1,860,000 1,780,000 1,680,000 1,590,000 -5.36 -15.4. 
Reduction Scope 1 and Scope 2 locationbased emissions, absolute metric tons CO2e baseline year 2002 % 68.2 63.7 68.2 71.1 75.0 N/A N/A. 
Absolute Scope 2 market-based emissions (indirect)
Metric tons CO2e 1,650,000 1,480,000 1,320,000 1,250,000 992,000 -20.6 -39.9. 
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions: market-based accounting. 
Metric tons CO2e 5,610,000 6,270,000 5,370,000 4,850,000 3,970,000 -18.1 -29.2. 
Reduction Scope 1 and Scope 2 marketbased emissions, absolute metric tons CO2e baseline year 2019 % N/A N/A N/A 9.68 26.1 N/A N/A. 
Total GHG emissions (indexed to net sales, location-based)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD) 184 203 182 164 129 -21.3 -29.8. 
Total GHG emissions (indexed to net sales, market-based)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD) 177 191 167 151 112 -25.8 -36.7. 
Environmental performance


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 240 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Greenhouse gas (cont.)
Customer GHG reduction through use of various 3M product platforms. 
Cumulative million metric tons CO2e (since 2015) 29.3 45.4 63.8 82.0 100 N/A N/A. 
Net GHG emissions based on the categories evaluated. Due to change in boundaries, Scope 3 upstream emissions should not be compared on a year-on-year basis. Additional changes occurred to calculation methods for Scope 1 and 2 limiting comparison between reporting year 2018 and other inventory years; see about report section for additional information.
Total Scope 3 emissions (upstream)
Metric tons CO2e 9,280,000 9,530,000 8,920,000 8,840,000 10,700,000 N/A N/A. 
Total Scope 3 emissions (downstream)
Metric tons CO2e. 
All downstream categories were not evaluated or are de minimis. 521,000 1,210,000 Includes Scope 3 Category 9 only.
Scope 3, Category 1 (purchased goods and services) Metric tons CO2e 6,570,000 6,840,000 6,140,000 6,270,000 7,680,000. 
Methodology updated to calculate values based on 3M spend using U.S. EPA EEIO factors.
Scope 3, Category 2 (capital goods) Metric tons CO2e 436,000 369,000 556,000 459,000 488,000. 
Methodology updated to calculate values based on 3M spend using U.S. EPA EEIO factors.
Scope 3, Category 3 (fuel and energy related activities; not including Scope 1 or Scope 2 emissions)
Metric tons CO2e 631,000 596,000 578,000 556,000 488,000 Calculated from 3M primary data on energy consumption.
Scope 3, Category 4 (upstream transportation and distribution) Metric tons CO2e 1,050,000 1,170,000 1,070,000 1,080,000 1,590,000. 
Does not include emissions from transportation of raw materials from suppliers.
Scope 3, Category 5 (waste generated in operations)
Metric tons CO2e 197,000 171,000 192,000 138,000 152,000. 
Calculated from 3M primary data on waste by facility size or number of employees. In 2020, methodology for determining facility type changed resulting in change to past years’ results, see About report section for more details.
Scope 3, Category 6 (business travel) Metric tons CO2e 60,700 61,600 52,800 13,300 12,200. 
Calculated from 3M primary data on business travel. Calculations have changed, see About report section for details.
Scope 3, Category 7 (employee commuting) Metric tons CO2e 332,000 327,000 336,000 324,000 327,000. 
Methodology updated to calculate values based on 3M employee headcount with U.S. EPA GHG emission factors. All historical values recalculated.
Environmental performance (cont.)


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 241 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Greenhouse gas (cont.)
Scope 3, Category 8 (upstream, leased assets) Metric tons CO2e Included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 emissions reporting. N/A N/A. 
These emissions are included in Scope 1 and 2, because they are all under 3M operational control.
Scope 3, Category 9 (downstream transportation and distribution)
Metric tons CO2e See note below on Scope 3, Category 10, 11, and 12 521,000 1,210,000. 
Methodology developed in 2019. See the Climate and energy section for more information.
Scope 3, Category 10 (processing of sold products) Metric tons CO2e. 
Not evaluated; most of 3M’s products are intermediates with many potential end uses. According to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation and Guidance, a company that produces intermediate products with many potential downstream applications, each with a potentially different GHG emission profile, cannot reasonably estimate the downstream emissions associated with the various end uses of the intermediate products. See the Climate and energy section for more information.
Scope 3, Category 11 (use of sold products) Metric tons CO2e. 
Not evaluated; most of 3M’s products are intermediates with many potential end uses. According to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation and Guidance, a company that produces intermediate products with many potential downstream applications, each with a potentially different GHG emission profile, cannot reasonably estimate the downstream emissions associated with the various end uses of the intermediate products. See the Climate and energy section for more information.
Scope 3, Category 12 (end of life treatment of sold products) Metric tons CO2e. 
Not evaluated; most of 3M’s products are intermediates with many potential end uses. According to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation and Guidance, a company that produces intermediate products with many potential downstream applications, each with a potentially different GHG emission profile, cannot reasonably estimate the downstream emissions associated with the various end uses of the intermediate products. See the Climate and energy section for more information.
Scope 3, Category 13 (downstream leased assets)
Metric tons CO2e <1,000 <1,000 <1,000 <1,000 <1,000 N/A N/A. 
Scope 3, Category 14 (franchises)
Metric tons CO2e 0 0 0 0 0 No franchises under this scope of boundary.
Scope 3, Category 15 (investments)
Metric tons CO2e 0 0 0 0 0 No investments under this scope of boundary.
Biogenic CO2 emissions Metric tons CO2e N/A 3,080 2,530 2,830 2,560 -9.54 N/A. 
The data reported is in accordance to the World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard.
Estimated Scope 3 data uncertainty is ±50% (WRI/WBCSD, GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard, 2011). A baseline reporting year had not been established for Scope 3 emissions.
Scope of boundary for the GHG metric is determined using the control approach to GHG emissions accounting as defined in the GHG Protocol Corporate Reporting and Accounting Standard. Additional information can be found in the About report section.
Environmental performance (cont.)


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 242 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Air emissions. 
Total volatile organic compound emissions (absolute) Metric tons 4,620 4,420 3,940 3,800 4,100 7.89 -11.3. 
Total volatile organic compounds emissions (indexed to net sales)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD) 0.146 0.135 0.123 0.118 0.116 -1.85 -20.7. 
Energy. 
Total energy use (absolute) MMBtu 29,600,000 29,900,000 29,100,000 27,600,000 28,600,000 3.72 -3.46. 
Total energy use (absolute) MWh 8,670,000 8,750,000 8,540,000 8,070,000 8,370,000 3.72 -3.46. 
Total energy (indexed to net sales) MWh per net sales (MM $USD) 274 267 266 251 236 -5.98 -13.9. 
Improved energy efficiency, indexed to net sales baseline year 2015 % 0.364 2.91 3.27 8.73 14.2 N/A N/A. 
Renewable energy % of total electricity use 17.9 26.8 32.6 35.4 47.6 N/A N/A. 
Total fuel oil #1, #2, #6 MWh 330,000 326,000 299,000 222,000 147,000 -33.8 -55.5. 
Total jet fuel MWh 40,600 30,400 29,000 7,550 6,070 -19.6 -85.0. 
Total propane MWh 52,000 56,800 42,000 29,300 37,000 26.3 -28.8. 
Total gasoline and diesel MWh 45,500 53,300 43,900 29,600 31,300 5.74 -31.2. 
Total coal MWh 0 0 0 0 0 N/A N/A. 
Total natural gas MWh 4,600,000 4,730,000 4,610,000 4,480,000 4,730,000 5.58 2.83. 
Total hot water MWh 2,110 2,660 3,420 2,770 4,800 73.3 127. 
Total electricity consumption MWh 3,250,000 3,180,000 3,060,000 3,070,000 3,200,000 4.23 -1.54. 
Total steam consumption MWh 357,000 370,000 362,000 304,000 296,000 -2.63 -17.1. 
Total heating consumption MMBtu 18,500,000 19,000,000 18,400,000 17,200,000 17,800,000 3.49 -3.87. 
Total heating consumption MWh 5,430,000 5,570,000 5,390,000 5,050,000 5,220,000 3.49 -3.87. 
Scope of boundary for the energy metric includes 3M locations larger than 30,000 square feet. Additional scope information can be found in the About report section.
Environmental performance (cont.)


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 243 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Waste. 
Zero landfill % of total manufacturing sites 27.9 30.4 35.4 42.9 45.2 5.36 62.0. 
Waste disposed: landfill, treatment and incineration (absolute) Metric tons 160,000 151,000 147,000 151,000 168,000 11.3 5.00. 
Waste disposed: landfill, treatment and incineration (indexed to net sales)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD) 5.07 4.62 4.57 4.69 4.75 1.28 -6.31. 
Waste reduction in manufacturing, indexed to net sales baseline year 2015 % 2.69 11.3 12.3 9.98 8.83. 
Waste by disposal type, incineration Metric tons 45,200 43,600 41,600 54,800 62,300 13.7 37.8. 
Waste by disposal type, landfilled Metric tons 115,000 108,000 106,000 96,600 105,000 -8.87 -8.70. 
Waste disposed and waste by disposal type does not include waste-to-energy. Total hazardous and total nonhazardous waste below includes waste-to-energy.
% data coverage total waste (absolute), normalized to transfer value of shipments (TVOS) or sales value of production (SVOP) % 98 99 99 99 99 % data coverage total waste (absolute) normalized should not be compared on a year-on-year basis. See below.
Starting in 2020, 3M will use the transfer value of shipments (TVOS) to measure the value of manufactured goods shipped from a plant. Prior to 2020, 3M used the sales value of production (SVOP).
Total hazardous waste (absolute) Metric tons 43,900 43,400 50,800 58,300 58,000 -0.515 32.1. 
Total nonhazardous waste (absolute) Metric tons 188,000 187,000 185,000 182,000 206,000 13.2 9.57. 
Total waste diverted (absolute) Metric tons 307,000 312,000 317,000 295,000 315,000 6.78 2.61. 
Waste-to-energy Metric tons 71,600 79,100 88,100 88,400 96,200 8.82 34.4. 
Onsite recycle and reuse Metric tons 60,400 63,300 56,900 48,400 53,600 10.7 -11.3. 
Offsite reuse Metric tons 31,500 32,900 28,900 29,000 32,400 11.7 2.86. 
Offsite recycle Metric tons 143,000 137,000 143,000 129,000 142,000 10.1 -0.699. 
Deep well injection Per 3M’s Waste Management Program Standard, deep well injection is not acceptable waste management practice for use by any 3M location.
Scope of boundary for the waste metric includes 3M manufacturing locations with total output over 4.54 metric tons per year (10,000 pounds). Additional scope information can be found in the About report section.
Environmental performance (cont.)


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 244 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Water. 
Total water use (absolute) Million cubic meters 46.0 45.8 41.9 44.7 41.4 -7.38 -10.0. 
Total water use (indexed to net sales)
Million cubic meters per net sales (MM $USD) 0.00145 0.00140 0.00131 0.00139 0.00117 -15.8 -19.3. 
Increase in water efficiency, indexed to net sales baseline year 2019 % N/A N/A N/A -6.11 10.7 N/A N/A. 
In 2021, 3M expanded the water efficiency goal to reduce global water usage: 10% by 2022, 20% by 2025, and 25% by 2030, indexed to sales. Baseline year is 2019.
Scope of boundary for the water metric includes 3M manufacturing locations with total output over 4.54 metric tons per year (10,000 pounds). Additional information can be found in the About report section.
Sites located in water stress/scarce areas; water sources significantly affected by withdrawal of water with water conservation planning efforts. 
Total number 25 25 18 16 17 6.25 -32.0. 
Scope of boundary for water stressed or scarce areas includes 3M locations with annual water use equal to or greater than 1,000 cubic meters were in water-stressed areas defined by the extremely high baseline water stress value according to the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Global Water Tool™ for years prior to 2019. Starting in 2019, we utilized the World Resources (WRI) Aqueduct tool with the same scope of boundary.
Environmental performance (cont.)
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Total number of suppliers Total number 85,100 78,700 63,900 72,300 60,700 -16.0 -28.7. 
Total number of supplier reviews Cumulative number (since 2008) 5,790 6,350 6,920 7,390 7,870 6.50 35.9. 
Supplier responsibility


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 245 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2017 RY-2018 RY-2019 RY-2020 RY-2021 2020-2021 Annual change, % 2017-2021 Five-year change, %
Global lost time incident rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours) 0.341 0.292 0.311 0.331 0.397 19.9 16.4. 
Global recordable incident rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours) 1.16 1.10 1.11 0.967 1.14 17.9 -1.72. 
Work related fatalities - 3M employees Total number 0 0 0 0 1 N/A N/A. 
Work related fatalities - 3M contractors Total number 1 1 0 0 0 N/A N/A. 
Work related fatalities - total number Total number 1 1 0 0 1 N/A N/A. 
Health and Safety Training Academies Cumulative customer training instances (since 2017) 121,000 649,000 1,240,000 1,660,000 2,920,000 N/A N/A. 
Health and safety


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 246 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2002 RY-2005 RY-2010 RY-2015 RY-2020 RY-2021. 
Historical reporting change, %
Net sales Million $USD 16,300 21,200 26,700 30,300 32,200 35,400 117. 
Environmental footprint. 
Absolute Scope 1 emissions (direct)
Metric tons CO2e 16,800,000 10,100,000 4,280,000 3,770,000 3,600,000 2,980,000 -82.3. 
Absolute Scope 2 location-based emissions (indirect)
Metric tons CO2e 1,540,000 1,700,000 1,940,000 1,860,000 1,680,000 1,590,000 3.25. 
Total absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions: location-based accounting. 
Metric tons CO2e 18,300,000 11,800,000 6,220,000 5,630,000 5,280,000 4,570,000 -75.0. 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions (indexed to net sales, location-based)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD) 1,120 557 233 186 164 129 -88.5 2012-2016 U.S. EPA GHG-MRR/IPCC AR5 based inventory accounting is not directly comparable to 2002-2011 WRI/IPCC TAR, AR4 based GHG accounting. 2002 inventory recalculated according to U.S. EPA GHG-MRR/IPCC AR5 methodology (2.7% increase in absolute emissions over original reported value).
Total volatile organic compound emissions (absolute) Metric tons N/A 6,800 6,070 4,840 3,800 4,100 -39.7. 
Total volatile organic compounds emissions (indexed to net sales)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD)
N/A 0.321 0.228 0.160 0.118 0.116 -63.9. 
Total energy use (absolute) MMBtu N/A 27,900,000 26,800,000 28,400,000 27,600,000 28,600,000 2.45. 
Total energy use (absolute) MWh N/A 8,170,000 7,860,000 8,320,000 8,070,000 8,370,000 2.45. 
Total energy (indexed to net sales)
MWh per net sales (MM $USD)
N/A 385 294 275 251 236 -38.7. 
Waste disposed: landfill, treatment and incineration (absolute) Metric tons N/A 145,000 136,000 158,000 151,000 168,000 15.9. 
Waste disposed: landfill, treatment and incineration (indexed to net sales)
Metric tons per net sales (MM $USD)
N/A 6.84 5.09 5.21 4.69. 
Starting in 2016, waste disposed and waste by disposal type does not include waste-to-energy. Total hazardous and total nonhazardous waste below includes waste-to-energy.
Total hazardous waste (absolute) Metric tons N/A 47,700 42,300 45,600 58,300 58,000 21.6. 
Total nonhazardous waste (absolute) Metric tons N/A 132,000 134,000 172,000 182,000 206,000 56.1 3M historical metrics 4.75 -30.6


Site spotlights Who we are How we work What we create About report 247 3M 2022 Global Impact Report | #improvinglives. 
Metric Metric units RY-2002 RY-2005 RY-2010 RY-2015 RY-2020 RY-2021. 
Historical reporting change, %
Environmental footprint (cont.)
Total water use (absolute)
Million cubic meters N/A 49.0 43.0 42.2 44.7 41.4 -15.5. 
Total water use (indexed to net sales)
Million cubic meters per net sales (MM $USD)
N/A 0.00231 0.00161 0.00139 0.00139 0.00117 -49.4. 
Health and safety. 
Global lost time incident rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours)
N/A 0.594 0.364 0.321 0.331 0.397 -33.2. 
Global recordable incident rate Per 100 3M employees (200,000 work hours)
N/A 1.85 1.56 1.22 0.967 1.14 -38.4 3M historical metrics


Corporate Headquarters 3M Center St. Paul, MN 55144-1000 USA (651) 733-1110 3m.com/GlobalImpact © 2022 3M. All rights reserved.