2022 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT. 
Delivering on our Purpose


Cautionary Note. 
This report contains information about our sustainability and social impact goals, targets, initiatives, commitments, and activities. Unless otherwise noted, this report covers initiatives and performance metrics associated with our operations for our 2021 fiscal year, spanning August 3, 2020 through August 1, 2021. These efforts involve certain risks and uncertainties, such as changes in our business (i.e. acquisitions, divestitures, or new manufacturing or distribution locations), the standards by which achievement is measured, the assumptions underlying a particular goal, and our ability to accurately report particular information. Actual results could differ materially from our stated goals or the results we expect. Changing circumstances, including evolving expectations for sustainability and social impact generally, or to specific focus areas or changes in standards or the way progress or achievement is measured, may lead to adjustments in, or the discontinuation of, our pursuit of, certain goals, commitments or initiatives.
This report does not include details on our financial performance. Details on our financial performance can be found in the investor relations section of our website and in our public filings available through the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). This report may use certain terms that certain third-party entities refer to as “material” in connection with certain sustainability and social impact matters. Used in this context, this term is distinct from, and should not be confused with, the terms “material” and “materiality” as defined by, or construed in accordance with, securities or other laws and regulations. Matters considered material for purposes of this report may not be considered material in the context of our financial statements, reports with the SEC, or our other public statements, and the inclusion of information in this report is not an indication that such information is necessarily material to us in those contexts.
This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option. This report also includes some content that addresses comprehensive level GRI disclosures. We have also aligned this report to the general principles of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for food and beverage companies, and have prepared a limited Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) Index. Our GRI Content Index, and SASB and TCFD disclosures are available in the appendix of this report and on our website. We have engaged with Apex Companies, LLC to provide limited assurance in relation to specific fiscal 2021 environmental data. Details on our limited assurance activities are available on our website.
This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our sustainability and social impact goals, targets, initiatives, commitments, and activities as well as our future operations and long-term strategy. These forwardlooking statements rely on a number of assumptions and estimates that could be inaccurate and which are subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause our actual results to vary materially from those anticipated or expressed in any forward-looking statement include impacts of factors described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. We disclaim any obligation or intent to update the forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report.
Photographs in this report of individuals not wearing masks were taken prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.
2 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics


Introduction 2. 
CEO Message 4. 
Company Overview 7 2021 Highlights 9. 
Our ESG Strategy 10. 
Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs 11. 
ESG Goals 12. 
Contents. 
Thriving People 29. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture 30. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity 32. 
Caring for Our People 35. 
Healthy Environment 38. 
Combating Climate Change 39. 
Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies 46. 
Working to Eliminate Waste 49. 
Improving Circularity in Packaging 51. 
Trusted Food 14. 
Advancing Health and Well-being 15. 
Promoting Animal Welfare 18. 
Operating Transparently 19. 
Vibrant Communities 20. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education 21. 
Building Strong Community Connections 24. 
Responsible Sourcing 27. 
Governance and Ethics 54. 
ESG Governance Structure 55. 
Board Diversity 56. 
Code of Conduct 57. 
Risk Management 59. 
Appendix 60. 
Scorecard 61. 
Materiality 71. 
Stakeholder Engagement 73. 
Indices 75 3 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics


CEO Message Dear Campbell Stakeholders,
Since our founding in 1869, Campbell has been committed to making food that people love while having a positive impact on the communities we call home and the planet we share. It’s in our DNA and has always been fundamental to who we are as a company.
We are proud of the impact we have made throughout our history. Today, as the world demands more—and as macro-economic, social and environmental changes accelerate—we will demand more of ourselves. As you will see in our latest Corporate Responsibility Report, we have a comprehensive environmental, social, and governance (ESG) platform in place that builds upon our legacy and reflects today’s opportunities, expectations, and responsibilities.
Our Purpose and ESG Framework. 
As Campbell continues to evolve to meet the needs of our stakeholders, we took the opportunity this past year to refresh our purpose, values, and mission to be sure that they reflect who we are today and fully align to our strategy.
We recognized that the connections we have with one another are more important today than ever before, and so our new purpose, connecting people through food they love, is at the heart of everything we do. Our purpose, along with our values, mission, and approach to ESG play an important role in building our culture, implementing our strategy, driving performance and ultimately, delivering a positive impact on the world.
To deliver on the promise of our purpose, we are taking a holistic approach to corporate responsibility and ESG. We have prioritized four areas that are important to our company and our stakeholders and where we believe we can make a meaningful and measurable impact: making trusted food that people can rely on; helping create vibrant communities, especially where we have operations and suppliers; building a high-performing culture that will help our people thrive and reach their full growth potential; and fostering a healthy environment from fields to factories to families.
Mark Clouse. 
President and Chief Executive Officer, Campbell Soup Company 4 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs CEO Message


Continuing Our Legacy of Impact. 
Our four-pillar ESG framework helps guide our efforts to build upon our legacy of impact. Our strong ethics and governance practices set the tone and serve as the compass by which we achieve our results.
We know that consumers rely on Campbell to make Trusted Food—delicious, affordable, and nutritious. It’s an enormous responsibility that we take seriously. That’s why this year, we’re quantifying our nutritional, affordability, and accessibility claims through new metrics to demonstrate our progress over time and share achievements with our stakeholders.
To foster a Healthy Environment, we are committed to doing our part to meet the challenge of climate change. New to our strategy is a science-based target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that we detail in this year’s report. Meeting this target will require changes in our operations and throughout our value chain. From the farm to consumers’ homes and every step in between, we are focused on finding ways to reduce emissions.
We are also taking steps to minimize waste and improve recyclability of our packaging. This includes redesigning our packaging to reduce plastic by 2.5 million pounds in products like V8 and a fully recyclable bag for Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers and Milano cookies.
To help create Vibrant Communities, we are investing in a new program to advance school nutrition, starting in our hometown of Camden, New Jersey. After wrapping up our successful 10-year Campbell’s Healthy Communities program, we are using our learnings and relationships to address food and nutrition in schools. The food students eat at school has a dramatic effect on their ability to learn and impacts their well-being today and well into the future.
From cafeteria equipment to expanded meal programs, nutrition education, menu reformulation and sourcing of more local, fresh produce, our Full Futures partnership is working to ensure all students are well nourished and ready to thrive. You can read more about the program in the pages of this report.
We are also committed to supporting supplier diversity to build stronger, more equitable communities. This year, we surpassed our goal to grow spend with diverse suppliers and we are making good progress to develop a supplier base that reflects the demographic diversity of our employees and our consumers.
signature bags are now fully recyclable. 
Pepperidge Farm “
I’m proud of the comprehensive program and high impact ESG platform we have in place. It builds on our past success and reflects today’s opportunities, expectations, and responsibilities." 5 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs CEO Message


Turning to Thriving People, we recognize that our success begins and ends with our people. Nothing has been clearer through the challenges of the last two years. That’s why building a winning team and culture is our priority as an organization.
A key element of building a winning team and culture is fostering an environment where all employees can be real, and feel safe, valued, and supported to do their best work. We have made solid progress on our Inclusion & Diversity (I&D) strategy, which is centered on three areas: capabilities, advocacy, and accountability.
To improve our capabilities, 96% of people managers completed I&D development work and every salaried employee had performance objectives relating to I&D and our values in fiscal 2021. In the area of advocacy, Campbell’s Employee Resource Groups and the Campbell Soup Foundation created funds and contributed more than $500,000 to support organizations that raise awareness, advance education, and fight racism and discrimination. Each member of the Campbell Leadership Team has responsibility for elements of this strategy, and we measure our progress by sharing quarterly scorecards with the entire company. This work is critical in helping to foster an inclusive and diverse workplace where all employees are empowered to reach their full growth potential.
The work outlined in the pages that follow represents the efforts of all 14,100 Campbell employees. I want to thank them for their passion, resilience, and commitment. I’m proud of the comprehensive program and high impact ESG platform we have in place. It builds on our past success and reflects today’s opportunities, expectations, and responsibilities. I know we will continue to make progress against our goals, deliver on the promise of our purpose and build upon our legacy of creating positive impact for all our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Mark Clouse President and Chief Executive Officer, Campbell Soup Company $500 K. 
Campbell’s Employee Resource Groups and the Campbell Soup Foundation created funds and contributed more than $500,000 to support organizations that raise awareness, advance education, and fight racism and discrimination. 
I&D. 
Our Inclusion & Diversity strategy is centered on three areas:
CAPABILITIES ADVOCACY ACCOUNTABILITY 6 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs CEO Message


Company Overview. 
M&B = Meals and Beverages S = Snacks. 
This list of locations represents principal business offices and manufacturing facilities at the time this report was published.
Corporate Offices. 
Camden, New Jersey (Headquarters)
Charlotte, North Carolina. 
Doral, Florida. 
Hanover, Pennsylvania. 
Norwalk, Connecticut. 
Toronto, Canada. 
Manufacturing Facilities. 
Arizona: Goodyear (S)
California: Dixon (M&B), Stockton (M&B)
Connecticut: Bloomfield (S)
Florida: Lakeland (S)
Illinois: Downers Grove (S)
Indiana: Jeffersonville (S)
Massachusetts: Hyannis (S)
North Carolina: Charlotte (S), Maxton (M&B)
Ohio: Ashland (S), Napoleon (M&B), Willard (S)
Oregon: Salem (S), Tualatin (M&B)
Pennsylvania: Denver (S), Downingtown (S), Hanover (S)
Texas: Paris (M&B)
Utah: Richmond (S)
Wisconsin: Beloit (S), Franklin (S), Milwaukee (M&B)
Our Business $8.5 B net sales in fiscal 2021 95% 14.1K of all U.S. households have a Campbell brand in their home employees across North America 2 DIVISIONS: 53% 47% net sales from Meals & Beverages division net sales from Snacks division. 
Headquarters:
Camden, New Jersey 7 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs Company Overview


Our Company. 
Awards and Recognitions. 
Newsweek America’s Most Responsible Companies. 
Bloomberg GenderEquality Index. 
JUST Capital America’s Most JUST Companies. 
FTSE4Good Index. 
Leger Canada’s Most Reputable Companies. 
Greater Toronto’s Top Employers. 
MSCI Index Series AA rating. 
ISS-oekom “Prime” status. 
FMI Foundation Gold Plate Award. 
Forbes America’s Best Employers for Diversity 2021. 
Forbes World's Top Female Friendly Companies 2021 Recognition. 
Forbes America’s Best Employers for Women 2020. 
The Forum of Executive Women 2021 Champions of Board Diversity. 
Wall Street Journal Management Top 250 of 2021 8 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs Company Overview


2021 Highlights of our products meet our criteria for Nutrition Focused Foods 56 % of Meals & Beverages products meet the criteria for at least 1 federal nutrition feeding program 71 % our supplier diversity goal two years ahead of schedule to increase spend with diverse suppliers by 25% in food and funds donated to COVID-19 relief in our communities since the start of the pandemic $9 M committed over three years to nonprofit organizations to raise awareness, advance education, and fight racism and discrimination $1.5 M of employees participate in learning and development. 
More than reduction in total reportable incident rate since fiscal 2020 8% of all salaried employees have an individual development plan of people managers completed Inclusion & Diversity training in fiscal 2021 96% 97%
Trusted Food. 
Set a science- based target 80% Completed. 
Exceeded to reduce greenhouse gas emissions first supply chain water risk assessment. 
Thriving People acres of wheat enrolled in wheat sustainability programs in Idaho, Maryland, Ohio, and Pennsylvania 108 K pounds of plastic saved per year from V8 bottle redesign 2.5M. 
Vibrant Communities. 
Healthy Environment 9 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs 2021 Highlights


Our ESG Strategy. 
The world has changed profoundly during the past two years, creating new challenges and unprecedented uncertainties, along with a host of exciting new opportunities. We’ve experienced increased consumer demand and have attracted new consumers— particularly younger demographics—to our brands, thanks to tried-and-true favorites along with new, on-trend recipes. Through the use of social media and other technologies, we're communicating with consumers and other stakeholders in new and creative ways. And we’ve continued to support our communities when they’ve needed us most, thanks to the tremendous dedication and resolve of our employees.
Campbell is about caring and connection. To drive home this sentiment and refine who we are and what we stand for, we’ve re-articulated our corporate purpose: Connecting people through food they love. Now—more than ever—our corporate purpose is driving our strategic goals, actions, and decisions—the way we think, talk, and act.
To deliver on the promise of our purpose, we’re building business practices that contribute to the well-being of our stakeholders and the world around us. We’re taking an increasingly holistic approach to crafting these practices and have prioritized the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) areas that are most important to our company and where we believe we can make measurable positive impacts.
For over 150 years, this company has been committed to making food in a way that positively impacts our environment, consumers, and society. Our goals are a reflection of who we are as a company, where we make the greatest impact, and how every person at Campbell can make a difference each day.” —Adam Ciongoli, EVP, General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility and Governance Officer 10 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs Our ESG Strategy


Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs. 
We’ve organized our ESG framework into four key pillars: trusted food, vibrant communities, thriving people, and a healthy environment—all supported by our corporate ethics and governance. The priorities within these pillars align with many of the United Nations 17 Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs), which are designed to serve as a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all by 2030.
This holistic approach was co-created with colleagues across the company which will enable us to better integrate sustainability throughout our business so that longer term ambitions can be achieved with measurable and targeted goals.
We are using our new framework as the reporting basis for this report, and we recently launched a new section on our website to share detailed information about Our Impact.
Trusted Food. 
We believe food should be safe, affordable, and prepared with care—food people can feel good about eating. At Campbell, we make delicious, wholesome, accessible food people rely on every day, made with quality ingredients they can trust.
SDG Alignment. 
Goal 2: End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. 
Goal 9: Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation. 
Vibrant Communities. 
We believe in connecting people and strengthening the communities where our food is made and our ingredients are grown. To deliver on that belief, we’re helping to build vibrant communities where we live and work, and we’re sourcing our ingredients with care, so the people we depend on can enjoy brighter futures.
SDG Alignment. 
Goal 1: End poverty in all its forms everywhere. 
Goal 2: End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. 
Goal 4: Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all. 
Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all. 
Goal 10: Reduce inequality within and among countries. 
Goal 11: Make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable. 
Goal 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. 
Goal 17: Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. 
Thriving People. 
We believe in fostering a safe and diverse workplace where all employees are empowered to thrive. That’s why we are creating an inclusive, high-performing culture where all employees feel safe, valued, and supported with fulfilling opportunities to do their best work.
SDG Alignment. 
Goal 3: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. 
Goal 5: Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls. 
Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment, and decent work for all. 
Goal 10: Reduce inequality within and among countries. 
Goal 16: Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all, and build effective, accountable and inclusive institutions at all levels. 
Our commitment to act with integrity is the foundation of everything we do at Campbell. Our strong governance practices ensure that we do what’s right, not only for our business but for our people and the communities around us. Governance and Ethics. 
Goal 10: Reduce inequality within and among countries. 
Goal 16: Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development, provide access to justice for all, and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels. 
Healthy Environment. 
We believe in food from farms that nurture the land, and that are made and packaged in ways that conserve natural resources to create a sustainable future for generations to come. That’s why we work toward a healthier environment from field to factory to families, promoting sustainable ecosystems and a positive impact every day.
SDG Alignment. 
Goal 2: End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition, and promote sustainable agriculture. 
Goal 6: Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all. 
Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all. 
Goal 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. 
Goal 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. 
Goal 15: Protect, restore, and promote sustainable use of terrestrial ecosystems, sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, and halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss. 
Goal 17: Strengthen the means of implementation and revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development 11 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs


Category Target Scope Progress. 
TRUSTED FOOD. 
Source 100% cage-free eggs by the end of CY2025 Global 11%
Source 100% gestation crate-free pork by the end of CY20221 Global 17%
Advance the welfare of broiler chickens in partnership with our suppliers to source chicken meat from birds that have been raised in improved environments, including litter and enrichments, by the end of CY2024 Global Litter: 13%
Enrichment: 13%
VIBRANT COMMUNITIES. 
Increase food access for 100,000 residents in Campbell communities by FY2025 Campbell communities2 49,640. 
Provide nutrition education to 50,000 people to encourage healthy living in Campbell communities by FY2025 Campbell communities 23,061. 
Invest $5 million to improve the school food environment for children by FY2025 Campbell communities $1,915,800. 
Engage 70% of Campbell employees in community-based activities by FY2025 Campbell communities 21%
Contribute 75,000 traditional and skills-based employee volunteer hours across Campbell’s footprint to increase the capacity of our community partners by FY2025 Campbell communities 12,356. 
By the end of FY2021, purchase 100% Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified palm oil Global 100%
By FY2025, responsibly source 100% of priority raw materials Global 99%
By FY2025, 100% of priority raw materials are traceable to country of origin Global 100%
Increase spend with diverse suppliers by 25% by FY2023 U.S. Increased 70%
THRIVING PEOPLE. 
Achieve a 3% decrease in reportable and lost time incidents per year. 
Reportable incidents. 
Lost time incidents. 
North America. 
Reduced 8%
Reduced 29%
ESG Goals. 
Animal Welfare. 
Community. 
Safety. 
Safety 
1 We use the Ohio Livestock Care Standards to define our goal.
2 Campbell communities are communities where the company has operations, including corporate offices, manufacturing facilities, and major sales offices.
Responsible Sourcing 12 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs ESG Goals


ESG Goals 3 Our GHG emissions reduction goal set in 2017 was replaced this year with our new Science-Based Target, reflected here, that was approved in January 2022 by the Science Based Targets initiative.
4 Our Scope 3 goal focuses on emissions specifically for ingredients, packaging and upstream transportation.
5 Please see page 49 for an explanation of some of the drivers contributing to the increase in our waste to landfill since FY2017.
Category Target Scope Progress. 
HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT. 
Reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 42% by FY2030 from a FY2020 base year and reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution 25% within the same time frame3 North America Scope 1 and 2: Reduced 8%
Scope 34: Reduced 8%
Source 50% (by volume) of each plant-based priority ingredient from suppliers engaged in an approved sustainable agriculture program by FY2025 Almonds. 
Cashews. 
Potatoes. 
Tomatoes. 
Wheat. 
Global 3% 1% 100% 83% 29%
Reduce water use by 20% on an absolute basis by FY2025, as compared to FY2017 North America 6%
Reduce the amount of waste sent to landfills by 25% on an absolute basis by FY2025, as compared to FY2017 North America Increased 66%5. 
Reduce food waste by 50% on an absolute basis by FY2030, as compared to FY2017 North America plants Reduced 19%
Transition 100% of packaging to recyclable or industrially compostable designs and materials by CY2030 Entire portfolio, by weight 95%
Increase the use of post-consumer recycled content and incorporate 25% post-consumer recycled content into polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles by CY2030 Aluminum. 
Corrugate. 
Glass. 
Steel. 
Plastic. 
Entire portfolio, on average 70% 38% 35% 35% 0%
Drive increases in recycling rates through standardized on-pack labeling by including the How2Recycle label on 100% of packaging by CY2022 Entire portfolio Meals & Beverages Division: 71%
Snacks Division: 70%
Expand access to recycling and advance the development of collection and recycling infrastructure by building and investing in partnerships with peers and industry groups United States Renewed TRP, SPC, APR, and CBA. Joined AMERIPEN.
Agriculture. 
Packaging. 
Climate Climate. 
Water Water. 
Waste Waste 13 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
CEO Message Company Overview 2021 Highlights Our ESG Strategy ESG Goals Alignment of ESG Priorities with SDGs ESG Goals


IN THIS SECTION:
Advancing Health and Well-being. 
Promoting Animal Welfare. 
Operating Transparently. 
Trusted Food. 
We believe food should be safe, affordable, and prepared with care—food people feel good about eating. At Campbell, we make food people can trust using delicious, wholesome ingredients.
Increasingly, consumers demand safe, high-quality, and accessible food, and they want to know where their food comes from and how it’s made. Since food safety, transparency, and nutrition have always been top priorities at Campbell, we continue to invest in technology that provides greater transparency into our value chain, we’re communicating the nutritional performance of our products in new ways, and we’re ensuring our stakeholders have the information they need to make informed decisions about what they feed themselves and their families.
95% of homes in the U.S. have at least one Campbell product. Because of our scale, we can make nutritious food accessible to millions of people every day.” —Alexandria Hast PhD, RDN, Senior Manager, Nutrition & Health Sciences 14 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food


Advancing Health and Well-being. 
For more than 150 years, Campbell has provided safe, affordable, and accessible food that people love. Our commitments to high-quality food and the well-being of our consumers have never mattered more. Today, we are helping people to eat well by offering wholesome options that promote positive ingredients, like vegetables and whole grains. Particularly when so many people face economic and food insecurity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we’re proud to offer our consumers access to nutritious food at an affordable price.
Establishing New Nutrition Metrics. 
This year, we’re launching new metrics to measure the nutritional performance, affordability, and accessibility of our portfolio. The new metrics will enable us to track performance over time and share our achievements with our stakeholders.
They were developed by our Nutrition & Health Sciences team in partnership with external nutrition experts.
Our new metrics: • Use a simplified nutrition profiling system to measure the nutritional quality of our portfolio • Track our efforts to reduce negative nutrients of public health concern • Quantify the affordability and accessibility of our products. 
SDGs Supported:
A d
v a
n c
i n
g. 
H e
a lt h
 a
n d. 
W e
ll -
b e
i n
g. 
Nutrition Focused. 
Ofering delicious, nutrition forward foods that meet our most rigorous nutrition criteria. 
Afordable and Accessible. 
Making trusted food afordable and accessible for all. 
Lower in Negative Nutrients. 
Managing nutrients of public health concern like sodium and added sugar in innovation and renovation. 
Providing options that are: 15 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food. 
Promoting Animal Welfare Operating Transparently Advancing Health and Well-being Advancing Health and Well-being


Nutrition Focused Foods. 
Our Nutrition and Health Sciences team worked with external experts to develop our new Nutrition Focused Foods nutrition profiling system. This metric measures the nutritional quality of our portfolio with strict criteria that highlights the more nutritious products we offer in the marketplace.
The criteria for this metric is more rigorous than our previous reporting metrics and requires products to contain positive nutrients and food groups or be lower in calories, saturated fat, sodium, and added sugars. It will replace metrics reported in previous years, including Products with Reduced Negative Nutrients, Products with Increased Positive Nutrition, and products that meet the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) healthy criteria.
Learn more about the criteria for this metric here.
Lower in Negative Nutrients. 
In addition to measuring the overall nutritional quality of our portfolio through our Nutrition Focused Foods profiling system, we are also working to address nutrients of public health concern during product innovation and renovation. We developed nutrition guidelines that are used to inform product development for the entire portfolio. Implementation of these guidelines is encouraged through a partnership between our food and culinary experts and our nutrition team.
These guidelines include categoryspecific limits for calories, saturated fat, sodium, and added sugars and are less stringent than the Nutrition Focused Foods criteria. In addition to informing product development, they will also help us to more easily monitor portfolio improvements over time.
More information on the guidelines can be found here.
Making Food Accessible and Affordable. 
Our new metrics highlight the affordability and accessibility of our foods and will allow us to track our performance over time.
• About 53% of our Meals & Beverages family meal recipes cost less than $3 per serving • Products that meet the criteria for Nutrition Focused Foods cost $0.62 per serving on average, compared to $0.65 per serving for our entire portfolio • 71% of Meals & Beverages products meet the requirements for at least one federal nutrition program3 3 WIC Eligible Foods, SNAP Staple Foods for Retailer Eligibility, and USDA Smart Snacks. 
Nutrition Tips for Families. 
Campbell believes in making trusted food accessible to all people. That's why the Campbell Nutrition & Health Sciences Team created a meal planning resource for families on a budget. This meal plan meets recommendations outlined in the Dietary Guidelines and shares examples of affordable and delicious meals.
In celebration of National Family Meals Month, an industry-wide movement to raise awareness of the benefits of frequent family meals, our nutritionists shared tips on social media to make nutritious meals easier for all families to enjoy together.
These included: • Using USDA meal planning, shopping, and budgeting tools • Replacing some animal proteins with canned or dried beans • Preparing meatless dishes a couple of times a week • Buying fresh fruit and vegetables in season • Planning meals to avoid food waste 69% of the portfolio currently meets our Nutrition and Health Sciences team’s guidelines for product development 56% of products meet the criteria for Nutrition Focused Foods 16 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food. 
Promoting Animal Welfare Operating Transparently Advancing Health and Well-being Advancing Health and Well-being


Health and Well-being Trends and Innovation. 
Nutritious, whole food ingredients and plant-based alternatives are among the food trends driving innovation at Campbell. Alongside our commitment to providing our customers and consumers with the same delicious classics they've enjoyed for generations; we’ve recently introduced a number of new products along with new recipes of tried-and-true favorites.
For example, in fiscal 2021 our Well Yes! soups—a line that debuted five years ago as a better-for-you option with grains, vegetables, and lean protein—included new options with on-trend nutritious ingredients like bone broth, cauliflower, and chickpeas. V8 launched two new 100% vegetable juices, including Carrot Ginger and Beet Ginger. Each provides two full servings of vegetables in every 8-ounce glass and is a good source of Vitamin A, Vitamin C, and zinc.
In the plant-based and alternative protein categories, we introduced new products across several brands in fiscal 2021. Prego introduced Prego+ Hidden Vegetables pasta sauce. Pacific Foods launched plant-based Organic Creamy Oat Milk Soups, including Cumin Carrot and Garden Tomato, as well as Organic Creamy Plant-Based Broths with six grams of organic plant-based protein in each 8-ounce serving. Well Yes! also introduced two new vegetarian soups featuring plant-based Chick’n.
Innovating During the Pandemic. 
We’re continually working to meet evolving consumer preferences through product innovation, developing recipes with new ingredients, flavors, and nutritional profiles. The COVID-19 pandemic presented a unique set of challenges for our Research and Development (R&D) team, who were forced to work remotely, without access to commercial kitchens or the ability to collaborate in person. Despite the challenges, our team of chefs, scientists, and researchers continued to tweak existing favorite recipes to increase their nutritional value and create new nutritious products with bold flavors.
Together, we have learned to become more agile and creative in our ways of working and have seen frequent examples of this agility in action across the company.
Innovation Excellence Awards. 
Early in fiscal 2021, we created our R&D Innovation Excellence Awards to encourage, recognize, and reward members of our R&D team for the application of technology, science, and the culinary arts towards achieving the goals of the company. Out of 30 nominations, team member Hye Won Yeom was recognized for her outstanding grit and ingenuity. She purchased a $40 microscope and an Instant Pot to build her own home minilab, where she screened over 200 alternate protein samples from over 20 different vendors. Hye Won’s work allowed the soup team to quickly develop two new Well Yes! soup flavors, along with a vetted list of ingredients to guide the formulation of future products. “
In the early days of the pandemic, we had scientists buying microscopes to conduct research in their home kitchens. It was amazing to see what people driven by their passion for innovation were able to accomplish.” —Craig Slavtcheff, Executive Vice President, Chief R&D and Innovation Officer 17 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food. 
Promoting Animal Welfare Operating Transparently Advancing Health and Well-being Advancing Health and Well-being


We believe food should be prepared with care, using ingredients that consumers can feel good about eating. For these reasons, promoting animal welfare is a key component of Campbell’s vision for an ethical and responsible value chain, and we expect our suppliers to meet our animal welfare requirements, and implement and execute best practices. Our animal welfare objectives are grounded in the Five Freedoms of animal welfare: • Freedom from hunger and thirst • Freedom from discomfort • Freedom from pain, injury or disease • Freedom from fear and distress • Freedom to express normal behavior. 
To ensure that animals are treated in accordance with these Five Freedoms, we are committed to working with our suppliers so that: • By the end of 2025, 100% of eggs directly sourced by Campbell will be from cage-free hens. There are detailed conversion plans in place by division, and several brands are converting to cage-free eggs in 2022.
• By the end of 2022, 100% of pork directly sourced by Campbell will come from gestation crate-free pigs. While we remain committed to eliminating the use of gestation crates, we understand that there may be occasions when keeping pigs out of group housing could be beneficial for the well-being of all pigs by reducing unwanted aggression. Currently, the gestation crate-free pork we source comes from pigs raised in accordance with the Ohio Livestock Care Standards definition.
• By the end of 2024, 100% of chicken meat directly sourced by Campbell will come from birds raised in improved environments with litter and enrichments. We strive to advance the welfare of broiler chickens and will work with suppliers on higher standards of animal welfare beyond 2024. In addition, by the end of 2023, we are committed to sourcing Global Animal Partnership (GAP) Step 2-certified or higher chicken for our Pacific Foods products. This is about 17% of our total chicken meat volume.
Promoting Animal Welfare 100%
Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse and American Cookie Collection cookies are baked with 100% cage-free eggs. 
SDG Supported: 18 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food. 
Promoting Animal Welfare Operating Transparently Advancing Health and Well-being Promoting Animal Welfare


We engage our stakeholders in open dialogue to gain a better understanding of the issues they care about most. Now more than ever, our consumers expect us to do what’s right and be transparent with them about what’s in their food, where it comes from, and how it’s made. In fact, the marketing insights firm Innova cited transparency as the number one food trend of 2021 driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and greater awareness of food safety and availability. In addition to choosing food that tastes good consumers want to know that their food is safe, and they are holding companies accountable and demanding insight into the farm-to-fork process.
Campbell takes an integrated approach to ensuring a safe and transparent value chain. For more than 150 years, we’ve cultivated relationships with our suppliers that have enabled us to use advanced technology to monitor and manage the sampling of our products in-house. With the integration of the Snyder’sLance facilities, we have designed and brought online a new laboratory that has a wide range of testing capabilities for the company.
Our manufacturing sites are certified by the Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI), a business-driven initiative for the ongoing improvement of food safety management systems. While COVID-19 necessitated virtual audits for several months, we resumed in-person audits in 2021.
Each year, our Quality and Food Safety team conducts internal training sessions that cover an area related to food safety. This year, in conjunction with our key suppliers, our sanitation team led eight virtual training sessions on plant hygiene. These well-attended sessions averaged 50 participants per meeting and covered topics including the chemistry of cleaning, sanitation design, Integrated Pest Management (IPM), pest prevention and exclusion, and data trending and reporting.
For our Product Development, Quality Assurance and Sensory teams, taste testing is an important, and delicious, part of the job. To maintain our multi-faceted aspects of our operations to ensure food quality and safety.
Tech-enabled Supply Chain Transparency. 
For over a decade, we’ve used SAP as our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) tool to track materials received, manufactured and shipped to customers. We continue to integrate the legacy Snyder’s-Lance portfolio, acquired in 2018, into our SAP system. In 2022, all remaining Snyder’sLance manufacturing facilities will be utilizing the system to manage vendor, ingredient, and packaging data. With greater visibility, our teams can make better decisions and respond quickly when needed. This level of tech-enabled traceability is key to risk mitigation for all our stakeholders.
Ensuring Food Safety. 
Our Quality and Food Safety team has expertise across many disciplines, including sanitation, process safety, microbiology, toxicology, and chemistry. While many of our competitors outsource all of their testing functions, Campbell has the expertise to efficiently conduct the majority of chemical and microbiological. 
What’s in My Food. 
Campbell’s consumers care about what’s in their food and where it comes from, and we want to provide them with easy access to that information. In 2021, we transitioned from providing ingredient and sourcing information in our What’s In My Food microsite to incorporating details about our key ingredients right onto our brand pages; the first stop for consumers who want to know more about our products.
Operating Transparently high-quality standards through the pandemic, these teams got creative and instituted new ways of working by having product samples delivered straight to their homes for tasting. Through both in-plant and remote tasting, we have been able to monitor ongoing product quality from the manufacturing sites to prevent complaints and provide a positive consumer experience. This agile way of working aided in driving down total consumer complaints by 9.8% in fiscal 2021.
SDG Supported: 19 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Trusted Food. 
Promoting Animal Welfare Operating Transparently Advancing Health and Well-being Operating Transparently


IN THIS SECTION:
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Responsible Sourcing. 
Vibrant Communities. 
For more than a century, Campbell has worked to strengthen and empower vibrant communities—from the farmers we source from to the neighborhoods we call home. The recent pandemic, increasing climate impacts, and other systemic disruptions underscore the importance of fostering resilient communities. In 2021, to better reflect our core value of care and our commitment to our growers, neighbors, customers, and community, we relaunched our community programs under a new name: Campbell Cares. We’re supporting community-based organizations that work to increase food access, encourage healthy living and nurture Campbell neighborhoods. We’re also working to cultivate resilience along our value chain through stronger partnerships with our suppliers.
20 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities


Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
SDGs Supported: Access to good nutrition continues to be a daily struggle around the world. Even when healthy options are available, people often need education to make good food choices. Campbell is committed to improving food access and nutrition education in our communities.
Campbell’s Food Access Strategy. 
In our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report, we announced five new community goals, including increasing food access for 100,000 residents in Campbell communities by fiscal 2025. In this year’s report, we share progress toward our goals and provide details about how we measure our food access work.
Campbell’s food access strategy focuses on systemic changes designed to increase the availability and affordability of nutritious food in our communities. Building upon the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s definition of food access— which refers to the accessibility and affordability of food and includes considerations such as travel time to food retailers, availability of healthy foods, and food prices—Campbell has invested in programs and strategies that: • Create new healthy food access points • Provide incentives like food prescription programs for people to purchase nutritious foods • Improve and expand nutritious offerings in K-12 schools • Teach people how to grow their own food • Bring food physically closer to people (through mobile markets, for example) • Distribute fresh food that would otherwise go to waste. 
Emergency food provision through food banks, food pantries, and other feeding programs is critically important for our communities, and the COVID-19 pandemic has exacerbated this need. We continue to support Feeding America and the many food banks in its network through product donations and grants, which totaled over $7.5 million throughout the last two years of the pandemic. Our strategic focus though, and therefore our goals, are meant to create systemic changes in food access, with impact sustained long after Campbell’s grants are made.
21 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Improving Healthy Food Access and Education


Transforming Nutrition Access and Education. 
In 2021, we wrapped up our Healthy Communities program, a 10-year, $10 million commitment to measurably improve the health of young people in our hometown of Camden, New Jersey.
Over the past 10 years, in collaboration with our cross-sector grantees—including Camden Coalition of Healthcare Providers, Center for Environmental Transformation, Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission, Food Bank of South Jersey, FoodCorps, Greater Philadelphia YMCA, The Food Trust, and Wellness in the Schools—we’ve: • Created the largest city-wide network of healthy corner stores in New Jersey • Launched a city-wide after school sports program, Soccer for Success— the U.S. Soccer Foundation’s national community program • Added salad bars, monthly food tastings, and healthy menu changes at Camden KIPP Charter Schools • Incorporated food insecurity screenings into hospital intake processes • Expanded offerings of Cooking Matters® nutrition and culinary classes across the city. 
In the past year alone, we’ve: • Supported 44 corner stores in the Camden Healthy Corner Store Initiative that provide access to healthy food for 49,640 people (69% of the Camden city population) • Partnered with KIPP Charter Schools in Camden to navigate the challenges of the pandemic, turning the schools into food pantry and distribution sites with support from partners, FoodCorps, and Wellness in the Schools • Reached 3,237 individuals in Camden with nutrition education, through nationally recognized evidence-based programs such as Cooking Matters® and Heart Smarts SNAP education • Adapted Soccer for Success for virtual delivery through at-home soccer kits that were mailed to families and engaged a total of 467 kids in Soccer for Success activities • Engaged community stakeholders, including high school students passionate about making change in their communities; corner store owners seeking to support and expand their businesses during the pandemic and work together collectively; and emergency food providers working to support increased food security needs during the pandemic • Enabled partners to raise over $2 million to support work related to Healthy Communities, and created over 40 new partnerships with community organizations, including the engagement of about 20 partners interested in forming a new Camden Food Security Collective to sustain the food access work of Healthy Communities. 
While Campbell’s Healthy Communities has come to an end, our impact continues through the systems and structures we’ve collectively built, and through investments in new programs. We are excited to support the new Camden Food Security Collective, which is working to address the root causes of food insecurity in Camden, New Jersey.
Campbell has also partnered with the Fair Food Network and the Community Foundation of South Jersey to co-create the Camden Community Food Fund, a Fund designed to increase access to capital and provide technical assistance for minority and women-led food businesses in Camden. Our anchor investment will support the infrastructure costs associated with the Fund. The Fund, itself, will be sustained by multiple funders and financial institutions. Led by a Community Board that will set the Fund's vision, the Fund will support greater economic opportunity and resilience for local food businesses to address food access and community health.
Using our learnings from 10 years of managing Healthy Communities, we are diving deeper on issues related to school nutrition with our new signature program, Full Futures: A School Nutrition Partnership. To learn more about the impact of Campbell's Healthy Communities, read the 10 Year Report here.
HEART SMARTS. 
HEART SMARTS. 
HEALTHY CORNER STORES. 
HEALTHY CORNER STORES 8,000+ participants since 2017 44 corner stores participated in Healthy Corner Stores Initiative in 2021 94% of Heart Smarts participants in 2021 said they plan to buy healthy food 69% of Camden residents reached through Healthy Corner Stores. 
Distributing food at Camden KIPP Charter Schools 22 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Improving Healthy Food Access and Education


Full Futures: A School Nutrition Partnership. 
Supporting school nutrition represents one of our greatest opportunities to make a difference in the lives of children and to leverage our assets and expertise as a food company. Through our new signature program, Full Futures, we aim to foster a school nutrition environment that ensures all students are well nourished and ready to thrive at school and in life.
Over the next five years, Campbell will invest $5 million in Full Futures, adding to the existing investments in school food we’ve made through Healthy Communities and the Campbell Soup Foundation. Full Futures will start in Camden, New Jersey, with plans to develop a scalable model that can be expanded to other communities.
Full Futures is built on four key pillars: 1. Building a school nutrition mindset where access to nutritious food is a top priority for school districts and is embraced through district-wide wellness policies and expanded meal programs that provide food 365 days a year 2. Improving food service infrastructure so that food service staff and other key stakeholders have the equipment, training, and resources needed to execute successful and nutritious school meal programs 3. Providing nutrition education in a variety of school settings to support awareness of and interest in nutritious food choices at school 4. Enhancing procurement and implementing menu changes so that school districts can procure nutritious, locally sourced ingredients, and menus are student-centered and culturally inclusive. 
By looking at the school food system holistically, our goal is to create sustainable, scalable changes in school nutrition, and to create a movement that inspires other funders, community stakeholders, and districts to join us in ensuring children have access to nutritious food year-round.
“
The food students eat at school has a dramatic impact on their ability to learn and impacts their well-being today and well into the future. We believe the Full Futures partnership will provide students the opportunity to succeed in school and reach their full potential.” — Mark Clouse, President and Chief Executive Officer 23 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Improving Healthy Food Access and Education


We work to build strong communities in our hometowns and continue our legacy of lasting impact. Whether that is through nearly 70 years of financial giving from the Campbell Soup Foundation, thousands of volunteer hours provided by our employees each year, or our signature program focused on improving school nutrition, we embody our value of care every day. We also put choice at the center of our programs, so our employees can volunteer and engage on issues that matter to them.
Responding to COVID-19. 
Since the start of the pandemic, we’ve worked with local organizations to ease the social and economic burdens associated with COVID-19 in our hometown communities. Through the Campbell Soup Foundation, we launched the Community Recovery Grants program, which provided relief to 67 organizations across 33 Campbell communities in North America in fiscal 2021. These 67 grants, totaling more than $1.3 million, were issued to organizations aligned with our core focus areas of food access, healthy living, and nurturing neighborhoods. We designed the grants to give recipients the flexibility to address their most pressing pandemicrelated needs. These needs included increased access to food given widespread insecurity, technology to enable virtual work, personal protective equipment and cleaning supplies, and support for new staffing models. Our grants, coupled with additional financial and in-kind support, brought Campbell’s total COVID-19 relief contributions to more than $9 million since the start of the pandemic.
Addressing Racial Inequality. 
Following the murder of George Floyd and a series of other incidents across the U.S., Campbell created a mechanism to support and fund organizations fighting racism, injustice and discrimination.
The Campbell Soup Foundation worked with the leaders of our Black Resource Group and our Inclusion and Diversity team to identify nonprofits making a significant impact for the Black community. In fiscal 2020, Campbell pledged a total of $1.5 million over three years to organizations fighting racism. In year one, an initial investment of $500,000. 
Building Strong Community Connections was made in the Equal Justice Initiative and Boris L. Henson Foundation.
Eight Employee Resource Group (ERG) Social Justice Funds were also created, covering all aspects of social justice, advocacy, and education for employee groups ranging from the Black Resource Group, to the Latino Network, Veterans Connection, and more. Organizations were selected by members of the ERGs and vetted by an internal stakeholder group. Employee donations to these funds were matched at 100% during designated times throughout the year, and a total of $37,000 was raised.
In year two, a $500,0001 investment was made in a wide range of nonprofit partners that were selected by Campbell’s ERGs.
We recognize that on their own, these contributions are not enough to transform the system that contributes to social injustice. That’s why we are working to transform our own systems and approach to inclusion and diversity. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive culture where each employee is celebrated for their unique contributions and feels safe, valued, and supported to do their best work.
$1.5 M to social justice over three years. 
We've committed 1 This includes $490,000 in direct grants from the Campbell Soup Foundation plus more than $10,000 from the Foundation to match employee donations to the Social Justice Funds.
Volunteers sorting vegetables at Working Theory Farm. 
SDGs Supported: 24 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Building Strong Community Connections


provided in grants and product donations to support communities affected by disasters $225K. 
Our Virtual Week of Service. 
In May 2021, we held our 13th annual week of service, an opportunity for our employees to volunteer with local nonprofit organizations. While this year’s efforts were virtual, engagement was high, demonstrating our employees’ desire to care for their communities, particularly during this time of increased need.
Mentoring Youth in Camden, New Jersey. 
The Campbell Leadership Team led career coaching and mentoring sessions with UrbanPromise, a Camden-based youth development program. During these sessions, the Campbell team shared their career paths, challenges, and words of wisdom.
Helping from Home. 
We partnered with WeHero, an organization that provides remote volunteer and giving opportunities for companies, to host virtual volunteer opportunities from home. Volunteer sessions were attended by more than 350 employees across the company during our annual week of service and Employee Giving Campaign. See details on these sessions on the following page: 868 employees in 24 locations participated in the virtual week of service. 
My Giving. 
My Giving, one of the nine moments that make up our Employee Experience program, empowers employees to find purpose through volunteering and charitable giving. In fiscal 2021, employee giving program participation was 44% higher than the prior year, and we saw a 31% increase in total employee donations. Programs were also introduced in Canada, where participation topped 43% in the first year.
Groups of dedicated employees passionate about community work at our facilities were largely responsible for driving this increase in participation. Throughout fiscal 2021, Community Affairs Councils were launched at ten Campbell manufacturing and office locations. These groups help drive community program adoption and engagement, identify local nonprofit organizations doing meaningful work, and develop opportunities to volunteer and give back.
New Hire Giving. 
Through New Hire Credit Grants, all new employees can make a $20 donation to the nonprofit of their choice. These grants not only saw a 46% redemption rate in fiscal 2021, but of those employees who participated, more than 60% went on to make additional contributions throughout the year.
Providing Disaster Relief. 
Throughout 2021, record heat waves, hurricanes, droughts, and floods continued to impact—and in some cases devastate—the communities where our employees, customers, and neighbors live.
Campbell provided more than $225,000 in direct grants and product donations to our flagship partners, American Red Cross, Convoy of Hope, and Team Rubicon, to support communities affected by the earthquake in Haiti, Hurricane Ida, catastrophic flooding in Tennessee, and Western wildfires.
Our Snacks warehouse in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, was impacted by Hurricane Ida. More than 50 Campbell employees and independent distributor partners live in the surrounding community and were affected by the disaster. For those who sustained damage to their homes, Campbell activated our Emergency Assistance Foundation Fund and provided grants to these employees to ease the burden.
25 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Building Strong Community Connections


7,500 backpacks donated. 
Disaster Relief. 
In support of Americares, a global health nonprofit organization, employees assembled 288 kits equipped with medical and hygiene supplies to support families impacted by current natural disasters.
Honey Harvest. 
We showed off our green thumbs by growing more than 100 plants that attract honeybees for the nonprofit Heifer International. We also educated employees about the beehives we host at our tomato processing plant in Dixon, California, and the importance of honeybees to almonds and cashews, two of our priority ingredients.
As part of this project, Campbell donated more than 375,000 honeybees to Heifer International to support beekeeping projects in Ghana, where we source cashews.
Virtual Education. 
We created educational videos for National Cares to support underserved youth who depend on remote learning, especially during the pandemic. Our team of some 50 Campbell employees recorded “how to” videos on topics of their choosing—including magic tricks, science experiments, sports, and resume building. These videos were also distributed to schools and nonprofit organizations in our hometown communities.
Backpacks for Our Hometowns. 
Twenty-three office and manufacturing sites across our network developed local initiatives through our Backpacks That Matter Program. More than 7,500 backpacks—filled with shelf-stable food, hygiene items, educational materials, and more—were donated to partner organizations for distribution. Beyond filling the backpacks, employees decorated them with messages and images to brighten the day of recipients.
One of our largest Backpacks That Matter events was held at our Meals & Beverages plant in Paris, Texas, where our team partnered with Crockett Kids Closet to deliver 3,000 backpacks of shelf-stable food to children in their community. The team also worked directly with the kids of Crockett Kids Closet to package food for distribution, teaching them the value of giving back.
$18,880 in volunteer grants donated through the Campbell Soup Foundation. 
Our Virtual Week of Service 26 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Building Strong Community Connections


Responsible Sourcing. 
Consistent with our values, we source our ingredients with care, working to ensure ethical and sustainable practices in our supply chain.
We also hold our suppliers accountable to our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code. Developed in collaboration with the Procurement and Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability teams, the Code outlines our expectations for our suppliers to operate ethically, safely, and sustainably. Our Responsible Sourcing team, which sits in Procurement, ensures that suppliers of our priority raw materials (see table to the right) are provided our Code. Suppliers who are deemed high risk may be asked to complete or share results of a social and environmental compliance audit, consistent with Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA), a social and environmental auditing framework, or a similarly recognized authority. These audits help identify and manage social and environmental risks with suppliers. Although this auditing program was impacted by the pandemic, it is a key focus of our work moving forward. We increased our responsible sourcing of priority raw materials from 92% to 99% over the last year and aim to achieve 100% by fiscal 2025.
Responsibly source 100% of our 10 priority raw materials by fiscal 2025 Goal. 
Priority Raw Materials and Risks. 
Almonds Biodiversity; Climate Change; Pesticides; Pollinators; Water. 
Cashews Biodiversity; Child Labor; Climate Change; Deforestation; Farmer Livelihoods; Pollinators; Worker Rights. 
Cheese Animal Welfare; Climate Change; Water. 
Chicken Animal Welfare; Climate Change; Water. 
Chocolate Biodiversity; Climate Change; Deforestation; Farmer Livelihoods; Forced and/or Child Labor; Worker Rights. 
Palm Oil Biodiversity; Climate Change; Deforestation; Farmer Livelihoods; Forced and/or Child Labor; Worker Rights. 
Paper Packaging Biodiversity; Climate Change; Deforestation; Water. 
Potatoes Biodiversity; Climate Change; Pesticides; Water. 
Tomatoes Biodiversity; Climate Change; Pesticides; Water. 
Wheat Biodiversity; Climate Change; Pesticides; Water. 
SDGs Supported:
Photo courtesy of Red River Foods, Campbell cashew supplier 27 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Responsible Sourcing


Maintaining a Steady Supply Chain During COVID-19. 
The pandemic has led to disruptions that have created challenges throughout the food sector, including labor shortages, significant inflation, and transportation interruptions. Campbell continues to manage these risks, primarily due to our longstanding relationships with our suppliers. This has been particularly true for beef and chicken—ingredients that have been especially difficult to procure during the pandemic.
Strategic Sourcing. 
Our 10 priority raw materials (listed on page 27) were identified in 2020 following a comprehensive social and environmental risk assessment of 30 raw materials conducted in partnership with The Sustainability Consortium. They focus on strategic areas where we believe we can have the most impact by managing environmental and social risk responsibly. These risks include biodiversity loss, deforestation, water quality and supply, child labor, and forced labor.
Our sourcing strategy focuses, in part, on risk management related to climate change and shifting weather patterns.
That’s why we source from geographically diverse suppliers to ensure steady harvests in the case of drought, flooding, or other unpredictable events.
For several of our priority ingredients, we manage sustainability risks through third-party certifications and domestic sourcing. For example, 100% of our palm oil is Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified and 100% of cashews in our Pacific Foods cashew plant-based beverages are Fair Trade certified.
Sustainable Palm Oil. 
All of Campbell’s palm oil is Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified. Our legacy brands have used 100% RSPO certified palm oil since 2016. Over the past several years, we have worked successfully to transition the acquired Snyder’s-Lance portfolio to RSPO certified supply. Today all palm oil used across the entire portfolio is harvested from sustainable sources that safeguard rainforests, biodiversity, and the rights and well-being of local communities.
Supporting Supplier Diversity. 
Each year, we partner with more than 10,000 suppliers. In addition to focusing on sourcing from suppliers who safeguard the environment and respect their workforce, Campbell is committed to supporting diversity, to grow an inclusive and socially responsible workplace, and build stronger, more equitable communities. Our intention is to develop a supplier base that reflects the demographic diversity of our employees and our consumers.
In 2020, as part of our I&D strategy, we announced a goal to grow supplier diversity by 25% over three years, and in fiscal 2021, we surpassed this goal two years ahead of schedule. This achievement began with validating our supplier data and identifying opportunities for growth, which led to a forward-looking strategy and action plan aligned with the company's I&D strategy.
We launched a procurement-led working group, which meets monthly, to continue progress toward furthering the reach of the supplier diversity program. The working group brings their learnings to their respective teams so that supplier diversity remains front of mind. Additionally, to continue driving change and accountability, our Responsible Sourcing Manager and Vice President of Procurement provide updates on progress every three months to our EVP and Chief Supply Chain Officer and SVP, Chief Culture Officer, and Head of Talent.
Supplier diversity programs support the inclusion of historically underrepresented or underserved business partners in sourcing events and in active business. Campbell defines a diverse supplier as a business that is at least 51% owned or operated by a: • Woman • Minority (defined as Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Black, Hispanic, or Native American) • Veteran • LGBTQ+ person • Person with disabilities 100% of Campbell's palm oil is Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) certified Goal Achieved 28 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Vibrant Communities. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education Building Strong Community Connections Responsible Sourcing Responsible Sourcing


Thriving People. 
We believe in fostering a safe, diverse, and inclusive workplace where all employees are empowered to thrive. This fiscal year, Campbell faced increased challenges including workplace continuity and employee safety, retention, and engagement. In response to these challenges—due to both the pandemic and an increased national focus on social issues—our team worked to ensure that our employees remained safe and engaged and that our hiring practices were more diverse and inclusive. In late 2020, Campbell hired our first Chief Culture Officer charged with supporting the organization’s effort to build a more inclusive, high-performing culture where all employees feel safe, valued, and supported to do their best work. Our Chief Culture Officer is leading the implementation and execution of our comprehensive inclusion and diversity (I&D) strategy, focused on capabilities, advocacy, and accountability.
IN THIS SECTION:
Building a Winning Team and Culture. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity. 
Caring for Our People 29 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People


Building a Winning Team and Culture. 
Building a winning team and culture is core to Campbell’s strategic plan and the first pillar of our business strategy. We understand that we are only as strong as our people and that our employees’ experience and engagement is key to our company’s performance. In late 2021, we appointed a new Chief Human Resources Officer whose leadership skills will be invaluable as we continue to enhance our culture, attract and retain top talent, and unlock our full growth potential.
Our Employee Experience Framework. 
In 2020, we launched our Employee Experience framework that has identified nine significant moments to help our employees thrive at work, with the goal of building an inclusive, engaging, and high-performing culture.
Designed around our purpose, values, and commitment to our people, the framework focuses on nine moments in an employee’s career where we have an opportunity to enhance the experience. Each of these moments has a dedicated team responsible for creating programs to operationalize the opportunity. For example, to help individuals advance their My Career moment, all salaried employees are expected to complete individual development plans and check in with their manager regarding their progress.
In early 2021, we focused on three key moments—My Way of Working, My Workspace, and My Connections— that were especially relevant given the changes employees were experiencing due to the pandemic. Based on employee survey feedback, we have since shifted our focus to My Career and My Rewards, with a continued emphasis on My Way of Working.
Our new hire onboarding experience has been revamped to improve the My First Impression moment and all new employees are given $20 to donate to a charity of their choice to establish their My Giving moment.
SDGs Supported:
We’re going to reach our full potential as a company when individuals reach their full potential.” —Camille Pierce, SVP, Chief Culture Officer and Head of Talent 30 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Building a Winning Team and Culture


Employee Experience Focus Areas. 
My Career • We promote employee performance with personalized development plans and by providing individual feedback at least three times a year.
• We continued to progress our learning and development opportunities through a cohort-based program, Manage to WIN (taken by 10% of people managers in fiscal 2021 and will be scaled in fiscal 2023).
• More than 80% of salaried employees participate in learning and development offerings, including more than 115 e-learning courses offered through our virtual Campbell University on topics from change agility to I&D (7,100 e-learning courses taken in fiscal 2021 through this platform by 3,290 unique learners).
My Way of Working • We link employee objectives and key results to our strategic plan and values; every salaried employee has a valuesrelated objective, along with an I&Drelated objective. All people managers have an additional I&D learning requirement.
• Based on the learnings of the past two years, we continue to modernize our workspaces with enhanced technology to facilitate digital collaboration. Also, we announced a hybrid work policy to allow full- and part-time, office-based employees to work remotely several days per week.
My Rewards • We are redesigning our awards programs to recognize employees whose behaviors exemplify our values. Both hourly and salaried employees are eligible to earn rewards, in the form of spot and performance awards. To spread awareness of these new reward programs, they will be highlighted at visible events, such as quarterly employee forums.
Our Purpose, Mission, Values, and Strategic Priorities. 
We are not the same company we were several years ago, or even at the start of the pandemic. We have evolved our leadership team, advanced our strategy, improved our business fundamentals, and demonstrated a renewed spirit of creativity and competitiveness. In 2021, we refreshed our purpose, values, and mission to better reflect who we are today and how we can win in the future. Our purpose, connecting people through food they love, will position us to unlock our full growth potential and deliver on our strategic plan.
31 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Building a Winning Team and Culture


We are creating an environment where people can be real, and feel safe, valued, and supported to do their best work. Our I&D strategy is designed to build systemic capabilities to drive change, strengthen ally networks and communities, and ensure accountability and transparency about our progress.
To integrate I&D into our operations, we focus on three pillars: Capabilities, Advocacy, and Accountability.
Capabilities. 
We’re increasing I&D learning opportunities and standardizing key processes throughout the company. In fiscal 2021 we provided learning programs for our change agents to promote inclusiveness.
Our designated change agents—referred to as our Core Inclusion and Change Partners—included some 30 employees nominated by the Campbell Leadership Team. This cross-divisional, diverse group included individuals from across the organization. Over the course of several months, they were immersed in honest dialogue which challenged their perceptions around inclusion in order to allow for true learning, which is foundational to building a culture of inclusion. Together, the team developed strategies for operationalizing their learnings. For example, to create change exponentially, each group member chose five or six peers with whom they shared learnings on a regular basis so that together, they could model behavioral changes and become ambassadors throughout the organization, enabling more and more colleagues to practice inclusivity over time.
In 2021, we documented our existing processes and practices related to hiring, talent management, and performance to provide visibility and access to all employees and to ensure consistency of implementation.
To expand our I&D education even further, we added I&D e-learning modules to our onboarding process for all salaried employees and hosted our first ever Cultural Immersion Week to increase awareness of cultural diversity and inclusive behaviors. In total, 96% of our people managers completed an I&D learning course in fiscal 2021, which focused on adopting an inclusion. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity 96% 100% of people managers completed I&D training of salaried employees had performance objectives related to I&D. 
SDGs Supported: mindset. In fiscal 2022, people managers will continue inclusion learning through a required course that teaches key inclusion behaviors through self-paced and virtual, live components. Looking ahead, we plan to modify learning resources to be relevant for individual contributors and plant employees.
32 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity


Advocacy. 
To create an inclusive workplace, we’re supporting employees and organizations working to end racism and discrimination. During the past year, Campbell’s Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) and the Campbell Soup Foundation raised funds to support organizations advancing social justice. In June 2021, the Foundation awarded an additional $500,000 in grants as part of Campbell’s three-year, $1.5 million commitment to support nonprofit organizations that raise awareness, advance education, and fight racism and discrimination.
In 2019, we launched our Inclusion and Diversity Advisory Board, which now meets quarterly with the Campbell Leadership Team, including our CEO, to discuss relevant issues, new initiatives and advise on our long-term I&D vision and strategy. Representing the collective voice of our employees, the board ensures we are focused on what matters most to our people.
Employee Resource Groups. 
Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) work to develop talent, build our corporate culture, and educate employees. Each group is open to all Campbell employees and is sponsored by a senior leader, who serves as a group advisor. In fiscal 2021, many of the ERGs, including the Women Inclusion Network, the Black Resource Group, and the Hispanic Network, offered mentorship and sponsorship programs aimed at building individual capabilities, achieving personal and professional goals, and networking with colleagues. Groups met regularly to discuss topics including emotional wellness, goal setting, leadership, and confidence-building. There were also many programs in fiscal 2021 co-sponsored by two or more ERGs for additional opportunities for colleagues to connect to one another, including a podcast that is sponsored by OPEN and WIN which has featured members of our Latino Network and Roots ERGs.
Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs): • Asian Network • Black Resource Group (BRG) • Bridge Network • Campbell Administrative Professionals (CAPs) • Charlotte Community Team • Latino Network • Maxton Employee Resource Group (MERG) • Our Pride Employee Network (OPEN) • Roots • Veterans Connection • Women Inclusion Network (WIN)
Each year, we mark the start of Pride Month with a flag-raising ceremony at our Camden, New Jersey, headquarters. We proudly fly the rainbow pride flag throughout the month of June and have even inspired neighboring businesses to do the same. Our OPEN Employee Resource Group organizes events throughout the month to raise awareness of issues relevant to the LGBTQ+ community.
7-10. 
Employee Resource Group events are held each month 25%
Approximately 25% of our employees participate in at least one Employee Resource Group 33 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity


Accountability. 
We are committed to tracking I&D progress and demographic data, and to regularly reporting progress to the organization. Each member of the Campbell Leadership Team is an executive sponsor for at least one I&D initiative. In fiscal 2021, we updated the language in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to better reflect the inclusive organization we aim to be.
2021 Recognitions. 
Forbes—America’s Best Employers for Diversity 2021. 
Recognized on Forbes’ annual list, which is compiled based on employee surveys, the company’s Inclusion & Diversity initiatives, and board and executive diversity.
Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. 
The Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index tracks the performance of public companies that disclose their initiatives to support gender equality through policy, representation, and transparency. Campbell was recognized on this list for the 3rd consecutive year.
Women hold 42% of our management roles 41%
Women. 
Women hold 41% of our management roles “
When you have a truly diverse team, it changes the thinking and it changes the results. It's not just about representation, it's about having a voice. We're committed to creating a culture where every employee feels that their authentic true self is coveted and celebrated." —Chris Foley, EVP and President of Meals & Beverages 34 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity


Care is one of Campbell’s values, and one of the ways that we demonstrate care is by providing a safe work environment where our employees can learn and grow. We also prioritize continuous improvement in health and safety at work, and provide a range of resources, including Employee Assistance Program (EAP) benefits, designed to support our people in every part of their lives.
Engaging Our Team. 
We know that engaging our team is more critical than ever. We acknowledge that two-way communication, feedback, and continuous improvement positively impact our organization. That's why we regularly conduct employee engagement surveys to give our employees the chance to be heard. We use this feedback to take action to improve the employee experience at Campbell.
Caring for Our People. 
SDGs Supported:
In All 10 categories we measure, Campbell employee engagement exceeds corporate benchmarks 16% increase in employee engagement survey scores over the prior year “
What makes Campbell special to me is the people. I’ve been here for over 30 years and it’s great to come to work when you enjoy the people you are working with.” —Cindy Outlaw, Service Leader in Soup Ingredient Prep, Maxton, North Carolina 35 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Caring for Our People


Employee Health and Safety. 
Employee health and safety has always been our top priority. During fiscal 2021, our focus was on preventing the spread of COVID-19 and improving ergonomics and machine safety.
COVID-19 Safety. 
Early in the pandemic, we established a COVID-19 task force, a team of seven cross-functional leaders who met at least once a day to make decisions, solve problems, offer guidance, and establish protocols. This team continues to assess health and safety guidance as it evolves and provides direction to the organization accordingly.
The “team of seven” worked around the clock to ensure that health and safety measures were up-to-date and in place at all plants. This included constructing physical barriers in the workplace, securing masks and cleaners when supplies were severely constrained, creating new policies, launching employee awareness campaigns to encourage social distancing and, later, to encourage vaccination. Often going above and beyond guidance from public health authorities and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) when crafting our own protocols, we avoided any significant COVID-19 spread that would have required us to shut-down manufacturing facilities. The COVID-19 task force worked closely with local Human Resource partners to manage cases, perform contact tracing, and ensure our employees were cared for.
2021 COVID-19 SAFETY HIGHLIGHTS: • Employee engagement campaigns encouraging team members to socially distance, protect themselves and others, and get vaccinated • Onsite vaccination: We worked with local health departments to offer on-site mobile vaccination events at 11 of our facilities • Mandatory health screenings including the use of thermal imaging scanners for temperature checks before each shift • The mandatory use of face masks at all facilities • Protocols for responding to potential exposures and confirmed cases of COVID-19 including quarantine and return to work requirements based on and, at times, exceeding Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidance • Enhanced cleaning procedures 11,000. 
We enhanced safety protocols and provided 18 weeks of premium pay at the height of the pandemic to approximately 11,000 of our front-line team members who were making, selling, and distributing our products reduction in total reportable incident rate since 2020 reduction in lost time injuries since 2020 8% 29% 36 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Caring for Our People


2020 2019 2018. 
Total Reportable Incident Rate (TRIR) (per 200,000 hours) 1.67 1.43 1.21 8% decrease since FY2020 2020 2019 2018. 
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (per 200,000 hours) 0.39 0.27 0.24 2021 1.11 2021 0.17 29% decrease since FY2020 2020 2019 2018. 
Total Reportable Incident Rate (TRIR) (per 200,000 hours) 1.67 1.43 1.21 8% decrease since FY2020 2020 2019 2018. 
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (per 200,000 hours) 0.39 0.27 0.24 2021 1.11 2021 0.17 29% decrease since FY2020. 
Safe, Healthy Workplaces. 
We take a team-based approach to safety by including representatives from production, maintenance, and sanitation in the development of solutions based on real-life experiences. We also encourage health and safety ownership at all levels by setting expectations for front-line leaders and encouraging all team members to identify and address safety risks.
Beyond keeping employees safe from COVID-19, in fiscal 2021 we focused on continuing to improve ergonomics and machine safety by requesting that all sites review and identify possible risks and prioritize changes needed to prevent potential contact with moving machinery.
Achieve 3% decrease in reportable and lost time incidents per year Goal 37 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Thriving People. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Caring for Our People Caring for Our People


IN THIS SECTION:
Combating Climate Change. 
Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies. 
Working to Eliminate Waste. 
Improving Circularity in Packaging. 
Healthy Environment. 
We believe that food should come from farms that nurture the land, and be made and packaged in ways that conserve natural resources to create a sustainable future for generations to come.
Founded in 1869 by Joseph A. Campbell, a fruit and vegetable merchant who wanted to provide year-round access to the most delicious food using the best ingredients, Campbell’s roots in responsible food production run deep. And because we’re determined to keep feeding people for the next 150 years and beyond, we are investing in our operations and value chain to mitigate risks posed by climate change, deforestation, water scarcity, and pollution.
How we Achieve our Environmental Sustainability Goals. 
Every day, we’re doing more to embed sustainability into our operations and strategic business decisions and working towards creating a healthier environment—from field to factory to families. To achieve our environmental sustainability goals, we are:
Identifying and implementing emissions reductions in our supply chain. 
Supporting farmers in reducing environmental impacts. 
Transitioning to energy efficient production methods. 
Improving our approach to sourcing and manufacturing to reduce environmental impact. 
Partnering with industry peers and suppliers to drive the transition toward a lower carbon and circular economy. 
Photo courtesy of Heartland Farms Inc., Campbell potato supplier 38 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment


Combating Climate Change. 
Climate Progress. 
In 2010, Campbell set its first greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction goal, based on data starting in 2008. We achieved a 42% reduction in emissions per metric ton of food produced over nearly 10 years.
In 2017, we set a new, more ambitious goal to reduce GHG emissions by 25% on an absolute basis by 2025 in our own operations. We achieved a 3% reduction in emissions over 4 years.
We are now shifting corporate targets from those set in 2017 to our even more ambitious science-based target which includes both our operations and our value chain.
Our previous renewable energy commitment will be rolled into our new science-based target as renewables will be a key pathway to achieving our goal.
2010 2017 2022 AND BEYOND. 
SDGs Supported: Climate science shows that global greenhouse gas emissions need to be halved by 2030 to limit warming to 1.5°C in order to avoid the worst impacts of climate change. At Campbell, we strive to build a resilient food system through our own operations and by working with our suppliers to mitigate climate impacts. We’re working with farmers, suppliers, and industry and nonprofit partners to set ambitious targets and create an actionable roadmap for change. We’re also working to enable consumers to make informed choices about the food they eat and how it is grown.
Setting a New Science-Based Target. 
The food industry can play a significant role in reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions that contribute to climate change. As a food producer, Campbell itself can play an important role by addressing emissions in its value chain. That’s why we’re proud to announce our new science-based target, which is in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. A rigorous methodology for setting science-based targets was created by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a collaboration between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature.
In fiscal 2021, we formed a cross-functional working group—with representatives from our operations, procurement, transportation, packaging, and sustainable agriculture teams—that met monthly to guide our plans for emissions reduction. With this working group and an outside consulting partner, we baselined our Scope 3 emissions and developed our science-based target and 2030 roadmap with oversight of the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and secured approval of our target from the Campbell Leadership Team, and the Science Based Targets initiative.
Approximately ninety percent of Campbell’s emissions are in our value chain and the remaining approximately 10 percent are in our operations. Within our new science-based target, we will focus emissions reductions on ingredients, packaging, transportation, and our own operations. We expect to reduce emissions from electricity use in our operations, while continuing to use energy more efficiently. We are also evaluating opportunities to electrify some of our production equipment. Across our value chain, we will reduce emissions from key ingredients including wheat, tomatoes, proteins and chocolate, as well as from transportation, and packaging through more efficient routes and increased recycled content, respectively.
Campbell Soup Company commits to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by fiscal 2030 from a fiscal 2020 base year. Campbell Soup Company also commits to reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution 25% within the same time frame.
Setting a New Science-Based Target 39 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Progress Total Market-based GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 2021 2020 SBT Baseline 722,200 666,580 8% decrease since FY2020 42% reduction by FY2030. 
GHG Emissions by Scope, FY2021 (metric tons CO2e) 465,257 201,323 6,255,790. 
Scope 1 (Direct) Emissions (7%) Scope 2 (Indirect) Emissions (3%) Scope 3 (Indirect) Emissions (90%)
Scope 3 Emissions Breakdown, FY2021 by category. 
Purchased Goods and Services (67.1%) Upstream Transportation and Distribution (15.1%) Downstream Transportation and Distribution (7.8%) End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products (3.7%) Waste Generated in Operations (2.3%) Fuel- and Energy-related Activities (1.8%) Capital Goods (1.1%) Downstream Leased Assets (0.6%) Employee Commuting (0.4%) Business Travel (0.02%) 4,195,581 940,600 490,021 233,585 145,808 114,625 70,424 40,654 23,359 1,133 40 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Reducing Energy Use. 
Nine percent of our electricity comes from renewable sources, including five solar installations—one of which is a 26-acre solar field at our Campbell Snacks site in Hanover, Pennsylvania. With the adoption of our new sciencebased target, we are evaluating and expect to add renewable energy sourcing to our portfolio so we can make progress toward our target to reduce emissions.
This year, two consulting firms performed extensive energy assessments at four of our largest Snacks manufacturing sites and one of our Meals & Beverages sites. Following on-site evaluations and personnel interviews, their recommendations included energy conservation measures specifically related to equipment upgrades and replacement, setpoint changes, preventative maintenance plans, and behavioral and process changes. We’ll be making some of these energy efficiency improvements in fiscal 2022 and we will continue to conduct energy assessments at additional sites.
PRIORITIZING CLEAN ENERGY. 
The food sector accounts for around 30% of the world’s total energy consumption. That's why Campbell is committed to aligning our operations with UN SDG Goal 7: Affordable and Clean Energy.
Canada Office Goes Carbon Positive. 
The team based in our Matheson, Ontario, office took on the ambitious goal of going beyond carbon neutral to become carbon positive. That means that in addition to reducing their own footprint, they’re contributing to the sustainable generation of clean energy through the purchase of carbon credits. The credits, which go towards the Toronto District School Board’s energy project, offset double the office’s emissions for fiscal 2020, 2021, and projected 2022.
41 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Expanding Sustainability Efforts with Wheat Farmers. 
As one of our top ingredients in terms of volume sourced, wheat is significant for reducing our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts. Building on our ongoing work with Truterra (the sustainability solutions business of Land O’Lakes, Inc.), we expanded our wheat sustainability program in fiscal 2021 to include one new geography and two new partnerships with our flour mill suppliers, Star of the West and Ardent Mills. In the region of our Richmond, Utah plant, we partnered with Ardent Mills and Nutrien Ag Solutions to launch a project utilizing Agrible, a digital platform that tracks sustainability improvements using fieldlevel and agronomic data. With these new projects, we are supporting growers in multiple sourcing regions to sustainably manage 108,000 acres of wheat, in order to optimize nutrients, protect waterways, and mitigate climate change risks. Further, by leveraging digital tools such as the Truterra sustainability tool and Agrible, growers can ensure their environmental stewardship practices drive on-farm efficiencies and profitability.
SUSTAINABLY SOURCED WHEAT. 
Our wheat sustainability program now covers 108,000 acres, putting us well beyond the half-way point in meeting our goal to sustainably source 50% of wheat volumes by fiscal 2025. The program now covers wheat sourcing areas for all three of Campbell’s bakeries where we make Goldfish crackers and Pepperidge Farm cookies, including Farmhouse and Milano.
42 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


New Nut Sustainability Programs. 
This past year, we launched sustainability programs for our newest priority ingredients, cashews and almonds. For cashews, we are working with our supplier, Red River Foods, to support smallholder farmers in West Africa, where we source the majority of this ingredient. In fiscal 2022, we will begin mapping cashew farms, baselining sustainability performance, and identifying opportunities to strengthen farmer livelihoods and support environmental stewardship.
We source our almonds from California and are leveraging grower self-assessment data to track almond orchard practices on multiple areas, including irrigation, nutrient, soil, and pest management, and pollinator health. Growers working with our suppliers can benchmark their practices against peers, access production management tools and other resources, and demonstrate alignment with thirdparty standards, such as the Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform's Farm Sustainability Assessment (FSA) and the Pollinator Partnership’s Bee Friendly Farming program.
“
Campbell’s commitment to growers has been both long-term and trustworthy, which allows us to feel secure about the stability of the relationship and more likely to make long-term investments in our operations.” —Blake Harlan, President of Harlan Family Ranch and Campbell tomato grower-supplier since 1990. 
Photos courtesy of Red River Foods, Campbell cashew supplier. 
Photo courtesy of Tavernas Farms, Campbell almond supplier 43 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Impact Through Regenerative Agriculture Practices. 
In our wheat program, we have launched an initiative to accelerate the use of cover crops in Ohio and the Chesapeake Bay. Cover cropping is a regenerative practice that helps farmers become more resilient in the face of climate change. By planting these crops between harvests instead of leaving their fields bare, farmers are helping to revitalize and maintain soil health, improve biodiversity above and below the ground, preventatively reduce disease and pests, and conserve water. Campbell is encouraging greater adoption of cover crops by providing analytics to growers on field-level impacts through the Truterra sustainability tool and collaborating with a cover crop seed company to provide learning resources and discounts on cover crop seed mixes.
Protecting Pollinators and Biodiversity. 
The unpredictable weather patterns caused by climate change are negatively impacting biodiversity. At the same time, healthy, biodiverse ecosystems are necessary for climate change mitigation and adaptation. That’s why we’re partnering with growers to proactively monitor and protect biodiversity.
For example, more than 90% of our contracted potato growers map out and monitor environmentally sensitive locations in their operations and implement measures to protect these areas. Nearly two-thirds of these growers report having converted areas of their operations to protected areas, leaving these areas as habitat, or investing in community initiatives that do this. One great example of this is a large wetland established by Gold Dust & Walker Farms in Oregon.
In fiscal 2022, we will begin to track acres enrolled in our almond sustainability program that are Bee Friendly Farming (BFF) certified. This is possible through a partnership between almond suppliers, the Almond Board of California, and the Pollinator Partnership, the world’s largest nonprofit dedicated exclusively to the protection and promotion of pollinators and their ecosystems. The Pollinator Partnership’s BFF program engages growers in the promotion of pollinator health on their lands. Growers who meet six specific criteria can then be certified as “bee friendly.”
Photo courtesy of Truterra, LLC “
Coming up through the system in Snyder's-Lance, we've always been made to feel like [we’re] part of the company. And with Campbell buying Snyder's-Lance it's the same relationship. We still have that same feeling.” —Tom Torkelson, President of Torkelson Brothers Incorporated and Campbell potato grower-supplier since 1981 44 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Reducing Pesticide Risks. 
The effects of a changing climate and weather patterns are already resulting in increased pest infestations, which means responsible pest management will be increasingly important as farmers look for new and improved ways to develop crop resiliency. Biodiversity—both above and below the soil also continues to be increasingly threatened. This past year, we deepened our ongoing engagement with growers and industry experts to reduce pesticide risks and strengthen Integrated Pest Management (IPM)1 practices in priority supply chains.
Tomatoes. 
We partnered with the IPM Institute of North America to analyze four years of pesticide data in our tomato supply chain utilizing their Pesticides Risk Tool (PRT). We also piloted The Sustainability Consortium’s Responsible Pest Management (RPM) measurement tool with about half of our tomato growers. Results from both assessments were encouraging, reflecting our past and ongoing work with our growers to mitigate pesticide risks. According to RPM results, in assessing twelve different strategies driving IPM outcomes, our growers followed practices benchmarked as “high” performance in 90% of cases. In fiscal 2022, we will share individualized report cards with tomato growers that summarize their results, along with risk-reduction recommendations from the IPM Institute.
Potatoes. 
In 2020, we joined the Potato Sustainability Alliance (PSA), which was co-founded by the IPM Institute in 2009 and is now an independent consortium of potato growers and buyers. In fiscal 2021, we surveyed our potato growers using PSA's self-assessment tool, which indicated that 100% of our growers systematically utilized pest scouting, sampling, and monitoring in their potato fields, and 97% of growers were using at least some non-chemical pest control practices. We also utilized the PRT to establish baseline pesticide risks in our potato supply chain. In fiscal 2022 we will work with the IPM Institute to assess pesticide risk drivers and risk-reduction opportunities, and provide individualized report cards to growers.
Wheat. 
In fiscal 2021, Truterra began using a tool to measure and educate growers on IPM practices, based on USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) guidance. The tool demonstrated that 100% of Truterra-enrolled growers in the Chesapeake Bay use “Basic IPM” methods and 93% of Truterra-enrolled growers in Ohio use “Basic” or “Minimum” IPM methods, which means they’re practicing pest scouting, treating fields with chemical pesticides only when justified by economic thresholds, and minimizing chemical drift.
MINIMIZING PESTICIDE DRIFT. 
Pollinator protection is a priority for Campbell. Tomatoes are not pollinator-dependent, and therefore should not typically attract pollinators. Our PRT analysis did indicate some potential risk exposure to pollinators foraging in field borders and neighboring fields. Fortunately, our RPM analysis indicated that our tomato growers are working to minimize pesticide drift through routine equipment calibration, utilizing real-time weather information, and using technology that helps to avoid off-target exposure.
Three New Metrics for Monitoring Pesticide Risks. 
For all directly sourced tomatoes and potatoes, we will report the following: 1. Metrics related to the toxicity of applied pesticide products, based on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) signal words classification. EPA signal words are an indication of the acute toxicity of pesticides to nearby animals and nearby humans (i.e., to pesticide applicators, other farm workers, or bystanders), through different routes of exposure (oral, dermal, and inhalation during and immediately after pesticide applications).
2. Metrics related to the toxicity of applied pesticide products, based on the University of California’s Bee Precaution pesticides ratings. Bee Precaution ratings are an indication of acute toxicity of pesticides to bees and other pollinators, through different routes of exposure (contact, oral, and other unspecified routes of exposure).
For wheat farms enrolled in our corporate wheat sustainability program, we will report the following: 3. Metrics showing the percentage of acres planted to cover crops. As an IPM practice that suppresses disease and pest pressures, cover crops can reduce the need for chemical pesticides in a field.
1 IPM offers growers a science-based systems approach to solving pest problems without solely relying on pesticides and, when pesticides are required, helps to minimize risks to human and environmental health.
45 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Combating Climate Change


Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies. 
Food production is a thirsty business, which is why we’re working to steward this vital resource with our growers and suppliers and in our own manufacturing facilities.
Since 2010, Campbell has prioritized, measured, and set goals around our water use. In an effort to make progress on the sixth UN SDG Goal, Clean Water and Sanitation, we set a goal in 2017 to reduce water use by 20% on an absolute basis by fiscal 2025 in our own operations and achieved a 6% reduction over four years.
In fiscal 2021, we expanded the scope of our water inventory and risk assessment beyond our own operations to also look at water impacts throughout our entire supply chain.
Water Reuse in Our Plants. 
In our Charlotte, North Carolina, salty plant where we manufacture Cape Cod potato chips, we’ve installed a reclamation unit that takes in wastewater from potato peels, separates solid food waste from the water and then recirculates the filtered water to supply the end spray-bar system. With three peeling machines running for 10 hours per day, our freshwater consumption is reduced from over 25,000 gallons to about 2,250, which equates to more than five million gallons of freshwater savings per year. Also, with more than a ton of solid food prevented from entering the wastewater, we’re further reducing our wastewater treatment costs.
SDGs Supported: Total Water Withdrawn (cubic meters) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 22,800,911 21,835,395 20,772,388 21,248,755 21,477,982. 
Reduce our water use 20% by fiscal 2025 over our fiscal 2017 baseline Goal. 
Photo courtesy of Harris Woolf Almonds, Campbell almond supplier 46 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies


Assessing Our Water Stewardship and Risks. 
With increasingly erratic weather and rainfall patterns resulting from climate change, along with resource depletion, it is important that we understand risks to our supply chain, including water risk.
In fiscal 2021, Campbell completed a water inventory and risk assessment of its direct operations and supply chain using the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas (Aqueduct) and the World Wildlife Fund’s Water Risk Filter (WRF).
Our Operations. 
Twenty Campbell facilities, representing 93% of water consumed by our direct operations, were identified as having basin-level water risk, which is a measure of the severity and likelihood of water challenges at the basin-level.
According to the risk modeling tools used in our analysis, these direct operations were identified as experiencing extremely high or high: • Current basin water risk; • Current water stress levels; • Interannual variability, seasonal variability, drought, or flood risk; and/or • Water quality risk.
These basin water risks were evaluated in conjunction with facility-level water withdrawals and criticality to the business to determine basin-level water risk to Campbell. To further assess and understand these potential risks to our own operations, we asked environmental subject matter experts at these sites to complete a detailed survey to better understand water risks they may be currently experiencing and what management practices they have in place.
Our Supply Chain. 
We also quantified water use upstream of our operations using water footprint factors from Hoekstra and life cycle impact assessments to estimate water consumption. The water footprint estimate identified 20 priority ingredients and packaging materials based on criticality to the business, amount spent, amount purchased in weight, water consumption, and water stress. Suppliers of these 20 primary inputs were surveyed to supplement the water footprint estimates with primary data, and a basin-level water risk assessment was completed. Similar to the water risk assessment completed for our direct operations, Campbell also leveraged results from Aqueduct and the WRF to assess basin-level inherent water risk in our supply chain based on a mix of water risk indicators, water consumption, and criticality to the business. Over 100 suppliers representing 56% of supply chain (ingredient and packaging) water consumption and 32% of Campbell spend, sourced from ~30 watersheds, were identified as having basin-level water risk.
The water inventory and risk assessment lay the foundation for further goal setting, work to mitigate future water and business continuity risks, and engagement by Campbell in collective work to address shared water challenges in priority watersheds.
47 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies


Priority Watersheds and Regions Key Direct Operations Water Risk Metrics. 
Campbell has 20 facilities, located in 7 unique watersheds, with basin-level water risk. This represents 89% of water withdrawals and 93% of water consumption.
1% of Campbell water withdrawals are from water stressed areas* 31% of facilities are located in areas of high or extremely high water quality risks. 
Key Supply Chain Water Risk Metrics 12% of supply chain sourcing areas, located in ~30 watersheds, have basin-level water risk. This represents over 100 suppliers and accounts for 56% of water consumption, 32% of spend and 20% of mass.
58% of supply chain water consumption is from water stressed areas* 44% of supply chain sourcing areas have high or extremely high water quality risks. 
Campbell Operations. 
Campbell Suppliers * This is based only on Aqueduct baseline water stress 48 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies


Working to Eliminate Waste 50% reduction by FY2030. 
Food Waste Generated* (metric tons) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 33,958 23,622 21,852 29,120 27,466 19% decrease since FY2017. 
We are accelerating efforts to reduce waste on the farms where our ingredients are grown, in the plants where our food is made, and with communities who benefit from Campbell products.
Since fiscal 2017, Campbell’s waste efficiency has improved. We have generated less total waste, while producing more food to meet consumer demand. In that same period, we have made progress towards our food waste goal, reducing food waste by 19%.
Campbell also has a goal to reduce the amount of waste sent to landfills by 25% on an absolute basis by fiscal 2025. Our progress towards that goal has been impacted over the last three years, resulting in an increase of waste to landfill from 1% of our waste to 1.66% of our waste since fiscal 2017 (a 66% increase). Key drivers include: changes in federal regulations that impacted our ability to divert certain waste streams to animal feed; increases in production; delayed repairs to recycling equipment at our plants; alternative disposal plant closures; cost of alternative disposal options; COVID-related turnover impacting waste management behaviors; and finished product losses.
We are intensifying our focus to address these challenges, including by hiring an external waste expert to identify alternative disposal options and by increasing employee training to improve waste separation at our plants.
Systems-Based Approach to Reducing Food Waste. 
The U.S. generates about 60 million metric tons of food waste annually.4 More than half of it ends up in municipal landfills and one-third of all the food produced in the world is never consumed. The production of all that uneaten food wastes valuable resources like water, energy and farmland. The decomposing food that ends up in landfills contributes to the release of greenhouse gases including methane, which contributes to climate change. Meanwhile, during 20205 more than 60 million people in the United States experienced food insecurity.
4 https://www.epa.gov/sites/default/files/2020-11/documents/2018_wasted_food_report.pdf 5 https://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america * Campbell defines its food waste commitment in accordance with SDG 12.3. As such, we exclude animal feed and biomaterial processing from the scope of our goal.
Partnerships Help Reduce Food Waste. 
Through a partnership with Spoiler Alert, a digital platform that helps food companies more efficiently sell and donate products that would otherwise go to waste, Campbell has more than doubled its food donations and reduced discards by 14% since 2019.
Reduce food waste by 50% on an absolute basis by fiscal 2030, as compared to fiscal 2017 Goal. 
Food Waste by Destination (FY2021 metric tons)
Animal Feed. 
Aerobic Digestion. 
Landfill. 
Land Application. 
Anaerobic Digestion. 
Biomaterial Processing. 
Controlled Combustion 67,359 13,673 9,719 2,327 1,375 809 372. 
SDGs Supported: Campbell is taking a systems-based approach to manage food waste— reducing the amount of surplus food we produce, eliminating waste in processing, and ensuring that extra food we make is donated to food banks, soup kitchens, and shelters.
49 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Working to Eliminate Waste


Reducing Food Loss on Farms Pilot. 
In addition to reducing waste during processing, we’re also taking steps to understand food loss on farms. In fiscal 2021, Campbell joined a pilot project designed to provide farmers and food companies with data on crops left behind after harvest, along with information needed to reduce loss and increase efficiency and profitability. The food loss metric tool was developed through the Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops (SISC), led by SISC member World Wildlife Fund, and Dr. Lisa Johnson.
We tested this tool with one of our tomato growers, and obtained encouraging results indicating that 99% of the crop was used. We are exploring use of this metric tool to further measure and reduce loss for other crops.
Chip Bag Project. 
Founded in Detroit, Michigan in 2020, the Chip Bag Project (CBP) is working to bridge sustainability with social justice by upcycling used foil-lined packaging like chip bags. Because chip bags are not currently recyclable, the unused films typically wind up in landfills. This year, our Salty Plant in Charlotte, North Carolina, donated nine pallets of unused chip bag packaging, diverting nearly 122,000 chip bags from landfill, which was enough material for the CBP to make over 11,000 sleeping bags for those in need. We are now identifying other opportunities across the network to divert chip bag waste to this organization.
2021 Waste Reduction Highlights. 
Diverting Waste from Landfill. 
In our largest plant in Napoleon, Ohio, we send food waste to animal feed and we have been working with a partner for many years to depackage final products that don't meet specifications and recycle the packaging and food waste. In fiscal 2021, we identified a new partner who is helping us to divert additional product that is packaged in glass jars to a center that recycles the glass and composts the food waste, which is then converted into a soil amendment.
Feeding People in Need. 
The team at our Charlotte, North Carolina, site is tackling food waste through food bank donations. This past fiscal year, the team donated 872 pounds of food to Pineville Neighbor’s Place. In the community of Pineville, approximately 21% of the population lives at or below the poverty level, so our plant’s donation—enough to provide 726 meals— not only helps to reduce food waste but also feeds people who are food insecure.
Repurposing Potatoes. 
In fiscal 2021, our Procurement team worked with suppliers and several Campbell plants to repurpose potatoes and reduce food waste. We have different specifications for soup potatoes versus those that go into our potato chips. For example, potatoes used for chips must meet particular size specifications, while there is a much wider range of sizes used for our soups. The team sent potatoes that did not meet our specifications for chips to our plants in Maxton, North Carolina, and Napoleon, Ohio, to be used in our soups. This simple solution helped us meet the increased soup demand during COVID-19.
50 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Working to Eliminate Waste


Improving Circularity in Packaging. 
Recyclable, by weight. 
Non-Recyclable 95% 5%
By improving the design and recyclability of our packaging, we’re reducing our environmental footprint and contributing to a circular economy.
Packaging plays an important role in ensuring our products are safe and maintain their shelf life. The production of food packaging though can be highly resource-intensive, requiring an enormous amount of energy, water, and materials. Packaging in general is a leading source of waste after a product is consumed. Campbell takes a multi-pronged approach to improving the circularity of packaging—innovating packaging design, using more recycled material, and making it easier for consumers to recycle after use.
After two years of extensive consultation with industry groups, investors, and customers, in May 2020 we announced our four new packaging sustainability goals, which address all phases of the packaging life cycle, from sourcing to end-of-life. In fiscal 2021 we made progress on our goals through the transition to more recyclable packaging, bottle redesigns that require less plastic, driving increases in recycling rates through on-pack labeling, and working with industry peers to expand recycling infrastructure.
Percent of Post-Consumer Recycled (PCR) Content by Packaging Material Type. 
Aluminum Corrugate Glass Steel Plastic 
35% 38% 70% 35% 0%
Scope: Entire portfolio, on average. 
Packaging Recyclability, FY2021. 
Total 471,221 metric tons “
We know how important sustainable packaging is to our consumers, our customers, our employees, and the environment, and we're proud of the progress we're making.” —David Porter, Senior Director of R&D Packaging Strategy. 
SDGs Supported: 51 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Improving Circularity in Packaging


V8 Bottles Redesigned to Reduce Plastic. 
After two years in development, Campbell announced the re-design of our multi-serve V8 bottle. By reducing the size of the bottle opening, we are able to maintain a great consumer experience while reducing the amount of plastic used in the manufacturing process. Production began in August 2021, and the projected savings will be about 2.5 million pounds of plastic per year—12% of total plastic packaging used for our multi-serve portfolio.
Using Less Packaging of our packaging by weight is recyclable 95% 52 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Improving Circularity in Packaging


Encouraging Recycling. 
The successful shift to a circular economy depends on active consumer participation in recycling. Campbell is working to advance this through consumer education using the How2Recycle label, along with industry collaborations and investments to expand access to recycling.
Educating Consumers with How2Recycle. 
The How2Recycle labeling system, developed by the Sustainable Packaging Coalition (SPC), is a standardized way of making recycling easy and accessible to consumers. In fiscal 2021, we reviewed all our packaging to identify additional opportunities for using the How2Recycle label across our brands. With about 70% of our portfolio currently labeled, our goal is to include the How2Recycle tile on 100% of our packaging by the end of 2022.
Portfolio with How2Recycle label on pack (%) 71%
Meals & Beverages 70%
Snacks. 
To help our consumers better understand which packages are recyclable and how to recycle correctly, we feature How2Recycle instructions on brand packaging.
Pepperidge Farm Packaging Now Recyclable. 
Campbell’s signature paper bags, used to package Pepperidge Farm and Farmhouse cookies and Goldfish crackers, are now fully recyclable.
While the packaging had been considered non-recyclable because of its thin plastic coating and multi-layer structure, this year Campbell worked with Western Michigan University to conduct pulpability and recyclability studies which determined that the paper we’re using could in fact be recycled because the amount of plastic coating is very small and can be removed in the pulping process. Beyond the engagement with Western Michigan University, the Campbell team consulted many partners to gain alignment on the recyclability of our signature bags, including Institute of Scrap Recycling, The Carton Council, and How2Recycle. The How2Recycle tile will be updated on packaging starting in 2022 to denote that the packaging is now recyclable.
Industry Partnerships Expand Access to Recycling. 
In 2020 we became proud funders of The Recycling Partnership, supporting its mission to drive measurable improvements in recycling and modernize the U.S. residential recycling system. Through July 2021, The Recycling Partnership, with the support of its members, has: • supported more than 2,200 communities • reached over 100 million households • placed more than one million residential recycling carts • diverted more than 480 million pounds of recyclable packaging from landfill • avoided 479,000 metric tons CO2e. 
Campbell sits on two coalitions: The Film & Flexibles Coalition which works to identify and scale ways to collect more film and flexible packaging, and the Polypropylene Recycling Coalition which works to increase both the access for people to recycle polypropylene through curbside recycling and the reuse of recycled polypropylene in packaging. The Polypropylene Recycling Coalition distributed nearly $1 million in grants to municipalities, material recovery facilities (MRFs) and others in order to advance polypropylene recycling in the U.S.
Around 60% of people in the U.S. have access to infrastructure that allows them to recycle polypropylene. Because of business interest and commitment to increase the collection and sorting of recyclable polypropylene, the Coalition is providing grants to MRFs to boost sorting of polypropylene and support targeted consumer education around what is and is not accepted in their curbside recycling. Once all grants committed through 2021 have the associated equipment installed and operational, it is estimated that curbside acceptance of polypropylene will increase by nearly six percent across the country.
About 300 million Pepperidge Farm and Goldfish bags— equivalent to about 10 million pounds of packaging—can now be recycled each year. That’s equivalent to the weight of about 25 Boeing 747s.
53 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Healthy Environment. 
Combating Climate Change Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies Working to Eliminate Waste Improving Circularity in Packaging Improving Circularity in Packaging


IN THIS SECTION:
ESG Governance Structure. 
Board Diversity. 
Code of Conduct. 
Risk Management. 
Governance and Ethics. 
Campbell’s corporate compliance and ethics program, Winning With Integrity, reflects our conviction that conducting business in compliance with the law and the highest standards of ethics is essential to our company’s success. These principles are embedded in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We also take seriously our commitment to corporate responsibility and increasingly integrate ESG into our overall risk management and governance practices.
We are proud to be ranked one of America’s Most Responsible Companies by Newsweek, one of the 100 Most Just Companies by JUST Capital, and to be included on the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. These and other recognitions validate our strategy and inspire us to do more.
54 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics


ESG Governance Structure. 
In fiscal 2021, oversight of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) activities continued to be managed by the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and is reflected in the Committee’s Charter. The Committee takes an active role in the continued evolution of Campbell’s ESG strategy and public reporting. To ensure that ESG is appropriately managed throughout the organization, we have designed the following governance structures:
SDG Supported: “
At the heart of Campbell is an unyielding emphasis on our purpose: Connecting people through food they love. As our world was transformed by the events of the past 18 months, nurturing those connections became more important than ever.” —Keith R. McLoughlin, Chair of the Board. 
Board of Directors Oversight of ESG activities is managed by the Governance Committee of the Board who oversees Campbell’s ESG strategy and reporting.
Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Team. 
Supports Campbell’s ESG strategy and is directly accountable for Campbell’s environmental strategy.
Corporate Leadership Team. 
With the primary focus of our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility and Governance Officer who oversees ESG; Executive Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer who oversees supply chain sustainability; and Executive Vice President, Chief R&D and Innovation Officer who oversees food innovation and packaging sustainability initiatives.
Chief Executive Officer Provides executive direction on ESG strategy.
Sustainability Steering Committee. 
Senior leaders from operating divisions, supply chain, corporate responsibility and sustainability, manufacturing, and research and development who meet bi-monthly to drive decision making, accountability, and ownership of specific ESG initiatives focused on operational and supply chain sustainability.
55 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics. 
ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management ESG Governance Structure


4 Women. 
Composition of the Board of Directors*
Gender Diversity 3 Over 10 years 1 6-10 years 8 0-5 years 5 60s 2 70s 2 40s 3 50s 9 Men 3 Ethnically Diverse 1 Nonindependent 12 Independent. 
Ethnic Diversity. 
Tenure of Independent Directors Age of Independent Directors. 
Independence 60.75 Years Average Age 9.28 Years Average Tenure. 
Board Diversity. 
Campbell’s Board of Directors includes 13 board members, four of whom are women.
The Forum of Executive Women named Campbell as a Champion of Board Diversity for having more than 30 percent of our Board include women. Founded in 1977, the forum works to increase the number of women in leadership roles, expand their impact and influence, and position them to drive positive change in the Greater Philadelphia Region. 31 % of our Board of Directors are women. 
SDG Supported:
Sarah Hofstetter, Board Director *Information as of December 1, 2021.
56 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics. 
ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management Board Diversity


Code of Conduct. 
CAMPBELL’S INTEGRITY HOTLINE. 
If an employee is concerned about improper, unlawful, or unethical conduct and feels uncomfortable about bringing it to the attention of another employee, they may contact the Campbell Integrity Hotline at 800-210-2173 or at campbellsoup. ethicspoint.com. The hotline operates 24 hours a day, with translation services available at all times.
CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS. 
SDGs Supported: Conducting business according to the highest ethical standards and moral principles has been a company strength for more than 150 years. Our compliance program—known throughout the company as Winning With Integrity— reflects this core commitment, and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is the keystone of this program.
As reflected in our Code—available in English, French, and Spanish on our website—employees share responsibility for ensuring we are winning with integrity every day, through each and every action, whether in the marketplace, workplace, or community.
The Code outlines our company’s basic standards and expectations, highlights important policies, and summarizes fundamental legal requirements that employees must follow.
The Code was approved by the CEO and the Board of Directors and applies to all employees. Campbell’s Legal Department is responsible for maintaining and administering the Winning With Integrity program. The Vice President, Deputy General Counsel & Head of Corporate Compliance and Ethics has overall responsibility for the direction and administration of the program and has direct access to the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors for all compliance-related matters. A full report on the program is presented to the Audit Committee on an annual basis.
Upon joining Campbell, employees are provided access to and trained about the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which outlines the Company’s expectations of every employee. The Code is available on both internal and external websites, and posters are displayed on bulletin boards throughout our plants reminding employees to always act with integrity and to report any concerns about improper, unethical, or unlawful conduct. Live and online training sessions on Code compliance are offered to employees throughout the year.
57 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics. 
ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management Code of Conduct


The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Asks Employees to… 1. Be empowered. Take responsibility, exercise initiative and judgment, and make decisions as required.
2. Act in a professional, safe, and ethical manner that is consistent with our corporate values.
3. Be familiar with the information contained in the Code and in. 
Company policies. Pay particular attention to the policies that pertain to an individual’s job responsibilities.
4. Promptly report concerns about possible violations of laws, regulations, the Code, or our policies to a supervisor or another resource listed. Seek guidance for questions.
5. Fully and truthfully cooperate when responding to an investigation or audit.
6. Remember: business pressure or demands are never an excuse for violating the law, Company policies, or the Code.
58 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics. 
ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management Code of Conduct


ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management Customer Satisfaction Risk Management Customer Satisfaction. 
Even while operating in a highly challenging and dynamic marketplace, Campbell was able to strengthen its relationships with key customers, through frequent and transparent communications. In Kantar’s annual PoweRanking® industry benchmarking report, which identifies manufacturers and retailers that set the standard of performance as ranked by their trading partners, Campbell improved its position with retail customers, moving up from 27 to 25. Campbell’s Kantar results indicate significant improvement in supply chain management, shopper marketing, and the use of digital platforms. The sales teams continue to pilot new technology platforms to improve efficiency and further support the company’s customers.
Enterprise risk management (ERM) is an integral part of our business processes. Campbell’s ERM process aims to identify and manage enterprise-wide risks facing the company. Senior management is primarily responsible for establishing policies and procedures designed to identify, assess, and manage the Company’s significant risks. We have an ERM steering committee, comprised of the members of our Campbell Leadership Team and supported by other executives with subject-matter expertise, that provides oversight of enterprise risks and our processes to identify, measure, monitor, and manage these risks.
One way that risks are evaluated is through an annual survey of about 60 leaders and subject matter experts across the company. We assess business risks on several dimensions and create a risk profile based on likelihood of occurrence, impact to the business, and existing capabilities to address the risk. The ERM process is managed by the Vice President- Corporate Audit, who reports to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The risk management process is reviewed with the Audit Committee annually and enterprise risk profiles and related action plans for the most critical risks are reviewed with the Board of Directors, with periodic updates as needed.
Our top ESG risks are fully embedded within our ERM process. In fiscal 2021, additional ESG risk factors were included in our ERM survey beyond the five that were included the prior year. Once again, two were included within the top 10: supply chain resiliency and commodity availability, and crisis management.
SDG Supported: 59 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics Governance and Ethics. 
ESG Governance Structure Board Diversity Code of Conduct Risk Management Risk Management


IN THIS SECTION:
Scorecard. 
Materiality. 
Stakeholder Engagement. 
Indices. 
GRI Index. 
SASB Index. 
UN Global Compact. 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
TCFD. 
Appendix 60 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics


Scorecard. 
Trusted Food FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Nutrition. 
Total Products with Reduced Negative Nutrients (revenue in millions) $6,115 $6,096 $7,102 $7,724 $7,476. 
Total Products with Reduced Negative Nutrients (revenue/total revenue) 59% 59% 68% 70% 72%
Total Products with Increased Positive Nutrients (revenue in millions) $3,250 $3,145 $2,751 $3,232 $3,132. 
Total Products with Increased Positive Nutrients (revenue/total revenue) 32% 30% 26% 29% 30% % of Products and Sales Are From Our Nutrition Focused Foods 56% of products, representing 52% of sales % of M&B Products Provide at Least a Half Serving of Vegetables 45% % of Snacks Products Provide <200 Calories Per Serving 88%
Average Cost of Nutrition Focused Foods (NFF) Per Serving, Compared to Entire Portfolio $0.62 (NFF), $0.65 (overall portfolio average) % of M&B Products that Meet at Least One Federal Nutrition Program Criteria 71% % of M&B Family Meal Recipes that Cost $3 or Less Per Serving 53% % of Portfolio that Meet Our Nutrition Guidelines for Product Development 69% of products, representing 65% of sales 61 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Vibrant Communities FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Community. 
Total Giving (USD in millions) $61.9 $54.4 $64.2 $55.9 $54.2. 
In-Kind Giving $53.2 $49.5 $59.9 $49.3 $48.8. 
Foundation Giving $2.2 $2.1 $1.9 $1.8 $3.1. 
Corporate Contributions $2.0 $1.8 $2.4 $4.9 $2.3. 
Employee Volunteer Hours 12,200 10,350 10,500 6,075 6,281. 
Residents with Increased Food Access1 49,6402 49,640. 
Residents Provided with Nutrition Education1 18,5033 23,061. 
School Food Investment1 $865,0004 $1,915,800 % Campbell Employees Engaged1 11% 21%
Traditional and Skills-based Employee Volunteer Hours1 6,075 12,356. 
Trusted Food FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Animal Welfare. 
Cage-Free Eggs 12% 16% 11% 10% 11%
Gestation Crate-Free Pork 21% 57% 18% 16% 17%
Higher Broiler Chicken Welfare Litter: 13% Enrichments: 13%
Global Animal Partnership (GAP) Step 2 Chicken for Pacific Foods 75% 76%
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) Certified Palm Oil 100% 100% for Campbell, Still Integrating Snyder's-Lance 100% for Campbell Legacy Brands; 0.33% for Snyder’s-Lance Brands 100% for Campbell Legacy Brands; <1% for Snyder's-Lance Brands 100%
Scorecard 1 This data is cumulative.
2 We restated our progress for FY2020 to reflect our new measurement approach as of FY2021. This new measurement captures people reached through our healthy corner store work, which has remained stable throughout FY2020 and FY2021. This is why the metric is the same for both years.
3 FY2020 data was restated because of improved data accuracy.
4 FY2020 data has been restated due to reporting CY2020 data instead of FY2020 data last year.
62 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Scorecard. 
Vibrant Communities FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Responsible Sourcing1. 
Priority Raw Materials Responsibly Sourced 83% 92% 99%
Responsibly Sourced by Priority Raw Material. 
Almonds 86% 100%
Cashews 1% 100%
Cheese 21% 100%
Chicken 64% 100%
Chocolate 0% 99.8%
Palm Oil 19% 100%
Paper Packaging 91% 100%
Potatoes 92% 100%
Tomatoes 98% 94%
Wheat 97% 99.7% 1 Responsibly sourced means the supplier has: • Acknowledged compliance to and signed Campbell’s Responsible Sourcing Code.
• Disclosed country of origin and has undergone a SMETA audit if the country of origin is high risk according to the World Bank and/or the supplier is deemed high risk. (High risk may be defined as supplier facing negative public attention, a third-party investigation and/or Campbell organizational focus.) 63 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Vibrant Communities FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Responsible Sourcing. 
Priority Raw Materials Traceable to Country of Origin 89% 93% 100%
Traceable to Country of Origin by Priority Raw Material. 
Almonds 86% 100%
Cashews 98% 100%
Cheese 21% 100%
Chicken 72% 100%
Chocolate 100% 100%
Palm Oil 99% 100%
Paper Packaging 91% 100%
Potatoes 92% 100%
Tomatoes 98% 100%
Wheat 97% 100%
Scorecard 64 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Thriving People FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Occupational Health and Safety. 
Total Reportable Incident Rate (TRIR)/200,000 Hours 1.37 1.67 1.43 1.21 1.11. 
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR)/200,000 Hours 0.2 0.39 0.27 0.24 0.17. 
Employee Fatalities 0 1 0 0 1. 
Environmental Notice of Violations (NOVs) 5 4 5 9 6. 
Environmental Fines (USD) $7,100 $4,450 $2,600 $0 $1,600. 
Workplace Diversity and Benefits. 
Women in Global Workforce (%) 43% 42% 42% 41% 40%
Women in Management (%) 43% 43% 41% 42% 41%
Women on the Board of Directors (%) 33% 33% 33% 33% 31%
Tuition Assistance Paid (USD in millions) $0.80 $0.89 $0.96 $0.35 $0.90. 
Scorecard 65 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Healthy Environment FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Energy Use. 
Electricity Use (mmbtu) 1,994,463 1,942,019 1,929,600 2,046,158 2,193,267. 
Fuel Use (mmbtu) 8,046,984 8,340,258 8,189,545 8,562,372 8,399,192. 
Total Energy Use (mmbtu) 10,041,447 10,282,277 10,119,145 10,608,530 10,592,459. 
Energy Intensity (mmbtu/metric ton of food produced) 3.03 3.05 3.14 3.14 3.09. 
Renewable Energy Generated (kWh) for the Grid 31,873,837 34,722,775 54,650,697 59,189,926 57,464,172. 
Percent Renewable of Total Electricity Use 6% 6% 10% 10% 9%
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Total Emissions. 
Location-based GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 687,420 693,876 649,134 721,389 687,523. 
Market-based GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 722,200 666,580. 
Location-based GHG Intensity (metric tons CO2e/metric ton of food produced) 0.21 0.21 0.20 0.20 0.20. 
Market-based GHG Intensity (metric tons CO2e/metric ton of food produced) 0.19. 
Scope 1 (metric tons CO2e)
Location-based Direct (Scope 1) Emissions 427,564 443,186 434,869 469,912 465,257. 
Scope 2 (metric tons CO2e)
Location-based Indirect (Scope 2) Emissions 259,856 250,690 214,265 251,477 222,266. 
Market-based Indirect (Scope 2) Emissions 252,288 201,323. 
Scorecard 66 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Healthy Environment FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Scope 3 (metric tons CO2e)
Total Indirect (Scope 3) Emissions 6,253,5142 6,255,790. 
Scope 3: Category 1 Purchased Goods and Services 4,222,8492 4,195,581. 
Scope 3: Category 2 Capital Goods 69,605 70,424. 
Scope 3: Category 3 Fuel- and Energy-related Activities 102,522 114,625. 
Scope 3: Category 4 Upstream Transportation and Distribution 995,780 940,600. 
Scope 3: Category 5 Waste Generated in Operations 144,253 145,808. 
Scope 3: Category 6 Business Travel 5,986 1,133. 
Scope 3: Category 7 Employee Commuting 23,395 23,359. 
Scope 3: Category 8 Upstream Leased Assets Not relevant, not calculated Not relevant, not calculated. 
Scope 3: Category 9 Downstream Transportation and Distribution 417,303 490,021. 
Scope 3: Category 10 Processing of Sold Products Not relevant, not calculated Not relevant, not calculated. 
Scope 3: Category 11 Use of Sold Products Not relevant, not calculated Not relevant, not calculated. 
Scope 3: Category 12 End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products 230,598 233,585. 
Scope 3: Category 13 Downstream Leased Assets 41,222 40,654. 
Scope 3: Category 14 Franchises Not Relevant, Not Calculated Not relevant, not calculated. 
Scope 3: Category 15 Investments Not relevant, not calculated Not relevant, not calculated. 
Scorecard 2 In FY2021, Campbell restated FY2020 Purchased Goods and Services estimated emissions to incorporate more weight-based, rather than spend-based, estimates, thereby improving accuracy.
67 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Healthy Environment FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Sustainable Agriculture % by Volume Engaged in Sustainable Ag Program. 
Almonds N/A N/A 0% 3%
Cashews N/A N/A 0% 1%
Potatoes 0% 0% 0% 100%
Tomatoes 87% 90% 83% 83%
Wheat 3% 8% 19% 29%
Water Use. 
Total Water Withdrawn (m3) 22,800,911 21,835,395 20,772,388 21,248,755 21,477,982. 
Total Water Discharged (m3) 19,434,056. 
Total Water Consumed (m3) 2,043,926. 
Water Intensity (m3/metric ton of food produced) 6.87 6.47 6.45 6.45 6.26. 
Scorecard 68 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Healthy Environment FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Waste Generation. 
Total Waste Generated (metric tons) 183,436 174,824 173,340 178,333 171,636. 
Waste to Landfill (metric tons) 33,184 30,573 32,584 39,386 55,033. 
Waste to Incineration/Controlled Combustion (metric tons) 1,500 1,457 1,849 2,924 2,588. 
Waste Recycled (metric tons) 37,974 39,686 30,530 42,674 28,473. 
Food Waste Diverted to Other Destinations (metric tons) 110,778 103,108 108,377 93,349 85,542. 
Total Waste Diverted from Landfill (metric tons) 150,252 144,251 140,756 138,947 116,603. 
Landfill Diversion Rate (%) 82% 83% 81% 78% 68%
Total Waste Intensity (metric tons of waste generated/metric ton of food produced) 0.06 0.05 0.05 0.05 0.05. 
Hazardous Waste Generated (metric tons) 15 34 41 13 13. 
Food Waste Generated (metric tons)4 33,958 23,622 21,852 29,120 27,466. 
Total Food Waste (metric tons) 111,450 105,069 94,978 101,099 95,634. 
Food Waste to Animal Feed 70,481 74,175 66,665 65,659 67,359. 
Food Waste to Aerobic Digestion 10,399 11,600 12,394 11,741 13,673. 
Food Waste to Biomaterial Processing 7,308 7,246 3,999 7,716 809. 
Food Waste to Landfill 3,250 2,872 2,857 5,081 9,719. 
Food Waste to Land Application 7,011 7,273 6,461 6,320 2,327. 
Food Waste to Anaerobic Digestion 12,842 1,765 2,427 4,548 1,375. 
Food Waste to Controlled Combustion 160 139 175 34 372. 
Scorecard 3 In FY2021, some items previously classified as hazardous were determined to be non-hazardous and recategorized appropriately, resulting in a significantly lower tonnage for hazardous waste.
4 Campbell defines its food waste commitment in accordance with SDG 12.3. As such, we exclude animal feed and biomaterial processing from the scope of our goal. This metric specifically measures the food waste categories included in our goal.
69 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Healthy Environment FY2017 FY2018 FY2019 FY2020 FY2021. 
Packaging. 
Recyclability of Portfolio, by Weight 91% 95%
Post-consumer Recycled (PCR) Content, by Packaging Type5 Aluminum: 70% Corrugate: 38% Glass: 35% Steel: 35% Plastic: 0%
Aluminum: 70% Corrugate: 38% Glass: 35% Steel: 35% Plastic: 0%
Portfolio with How2Recycle Label on Pack (%) Establishing Baseline M&B: 71% Snacks: 70%
Industry Partnerships Joined The Recycling Partnership Renewed The Recycling Partnership, Sustainable Packaging Coalition, The Association of Plastic Recyclers, and Consumer Brands Association. Joined AMERIPEN.
Scorecard 5 Scope: Entire portfolio, on average 70 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Scorecard


Materiality 6 6 Please see our cautionary note on the term materiality.
Step 3: Validate – The results of the assessment were shared with key internal stakeholders and were validated against the results of the research. The results are shared here and are reevaluated throughout the year, as topics can shift in priority. We did see significant shifts in the rating of select topics compared to our last assessment in fiscal 2019, including two of the newly added issues ranking in the top six.
Step 4: Manage Issues – For those issues that are most important to Campbell’s business and to our stakeholders, we identify an owner across the business for each issue area and develop 3-year strategic plans outlining actions needed to manage the issue. We have commitments that we track against, some external and some only internal, and we report our progress twice per year to the senior leadership team and the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Each year, we update our ESG strategic plans so that we always have a 3-year roadmap. Responsibility for making progress on ESG issues depends on many teams across the company and we work collaboratively to hold ourselves accountable to our plans, share updates across the organization, and communicate opportunities with relevant teams to accelerate positive impact.
Corporate responsibility topics are considered material for us if they influence the judgment and decisions of our external and internal stakeholders, as well as having an impact on them and our business. In fiscal 2021, we conducted an assessment with internal and external stakeholders to understand where to focus as our company evolves and identified and prioritized our material corporate responsibility topics through a multi-step assessment process.
Step 1: Identify Issues – We reviewed the key corporate responsibility topics reported publicly by our peers and assessed issues that are trending in the media and with Campbell’s investors, customers, suppliers, and NGO partners. From this research, we added five new topics to our list: Environmental Compliance, Employee Health and Wellness, Employee Engagement, Biodiversity, and Farmer Livelihoods. We also removed two topics, Women’s Empowerment and Responsible Use of Technology, as we felt they were embedded in other issues.
Step 2: Survey Stakeholders – We surveyed internal and external stakeholders, including employees, suppliers, retail customers, investors, and NGOs. The survey asked respondents to rate 28 economic, social, and environmental topics across two key dimensions- importance to them as a Campbell stakeholder and magnitude of impact on the economy, society, or the environment. We received over 700 responses in total with employees accounting for 91% of responses.
Importance to Stakeholders. 
Impact on Others. 
Health, Nutrition and Wellness. 
Farmer Livelihoods. 
Community Involvement. 
Biodiversity. 
Packaging Footprint. 
Animal Welfare. 
Climate Change. 
Food Waste. 
Waste Reduction. 
Inclusion and Diversity. 
Responsible Sourcing and Traceability. 
Product Innovation. 
Risk and Crisis Management. 
Responsible Labeling and Marketing. 
Food Access. 
Water Stewardship. 
Sustainable Agriculture. 
Pesticides and Chemical Contaminants. 
Employee Engagement. 
Culture and Human Capital Management. 
Human Rights. 
Environmental Compliance. 
Supply Chain Resilience and Commodity Availability. 
Ingredient and Product Transparency. 
Food Safety and Quality. 
Business Ethics. 
Occupational Health and Safety. 
Employee Health and Wellness. 
Important Issues Significant Issues Priority Issues. 
Materiality Assessment Matrix. 
Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Governance and Ethics 71 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Materiality


Materiality. 
Packaging Footprint: Reducing the environmental impact of our packaging, including improved sourcing, recyclability, infrastructure, and consumer education. 
Pesticides and Chemical Contaminants: Managing the levels of chemical contaminants in the agricultural supply chain through proper sourcing and testing, to reduce chemicals of concern, like pesticides and lead, in finished products. 
Sustainable Agriculture: Addressing issues related to farming, such as soil health, pesticide use, deforestation, biodiversity, and water use on farms. 
Waste Reduction: Ensuring as little waste as possible goes to landfill from our operations. 
Water Stewardship: Managing water resources strategically throughout the value chain to ensure both water quantity and quality. 
Social. 
Animal Welfare: Ensuring the ethical treatment of animals in our value chain. 
Food Access: Ensuring wholesome, nutritional food is available to as many people as possible in an affordable manner. 
Health, Nutrition and Wellness: Improving the health profile of our products and engaging in public discussions on healthy and nutritious lifestyles. 
Human Rights: Providing a workplace that respects the basic human rights and freedoms of all employees, while also combatting child labor, forced labor, discrimination, and other human rights risks in the supply chain. 
Inclusion and Diversity: Promoting the representation of diverse people, ideas, and perspectives within the organization and ensuring that everyone has an equal opportunity to contribute to and influence every level of the workplace. 
Occupational Health and Safety: Protecting the safety of all employees in the workplace through compliance with laws and proper training and support. 
Business Ethics: Upholding ethical principles in the business and workplace, including in the areas of consumer privacy, fraud, bribery, corruption, and corporate governance. 
Community Involvement: Improving the communities in which we live and work through philanthropic efforts, including donations, volunteerism, and other community programming. 
Culture and Human Capital Management: Ensuring employees have an inclusive and supportive workplace environment that includes a variety of benefits such as healthcare programs, paid time off and work-life balance, professional development, training and education. 
Employee Engagement: Improving employee connections to our purpose and values, ensuring that their work has meaning and clearly contributes to the overall company strategy. 
Employee Health and Wellness: Protecting and promoting the emotional, physical, and mental well-being of employees. 
Farmer Livelihoods: Connecting farmers to information and resources that strengthen resilience and profitability. 
Definition of Material Issues. 
Economic. 
Environmental Compliance: Ensuring we are meeting the requirements of laws, regulations, and codes designed to protect the environment. 
Food Safety and Quality: Setting and maintaining high standards for food safety and quality, including programs, policies and procedures that ensure safety of materials, manufacturing environment and processes, and finished products. 
Ingredient and Product Transparency: Communicating openly with stakeholders about what is in our food, where it comes from, and how it is made. 
Product Innovation: Driving innovative product development to meet changing consumer needs. 
Responsible Labeling and Marketing: Providing consumers with information through labeling or other communications and adhering to internal and industry guidelines regarding consumer communications. 
Responsible Sourcing and Traceability: Creating visibility into the supply chains of ingredients and other inputs, from farm to fork, to manage business risks and address issues, including human rights, workplace safety, and deforestation. 
Supply Chain Resilience and Commodity Availability: Building a supply chain that is resilient to the impacts of climate change, including extreme weather, floods, and droughts; and ensuring a secure supply of ingredients by diversifying sourcing regions, ensuring backup supply options, and enabling sustainable agricultural management. 
Environmental. 
Biodiversity: Conserving ecosystems and the plant and animal species they support through responsible sourcing and manufacturing practices. 
Climate Change: Advancing programs to reduce greenhouse gas emissions throughout the value chain to mitigate the effects of climate change. 
Food Waste: Addressing food waste and loss from farm to table 72 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Materiality


Stakeholder Engagement. 
Stakeholders Types of Engagement Issues. 
Advocacy Groups/ Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) • Organizational Memberships • Direct Engagement • Strategic Issue Partnerships • Professional Conferences • Roundtable Events • Social Media • Website and Corporate Responsibility Report • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness • Nutrition and Labeling Standards • Animal Welfare • Deforestation • Climate Change • Human Rights • Sustainable Agriculture • Packaging • Inclusion & Diversity • Corporate Governance. 
Communities • Direct, On-the-Ground Relationships • Corporate and Employee Giving • Networking Events • Surveys • Signature Partnerships • Regional Priority Plans • Employee Volunteerism • Critical Local Needs (such as food access and nutrition education) • Disaster Relief • Environmental Initiatives • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness • Strategic Partnership Priorities (such as health and well-being)
Consumers • Dedicated 24-Hour Toll-Free Hotline • Consumer Insights • Branded Websites • Campbell’s Kitchen Website • Campbell’s Nutrition Website • What’s in My Food Website • Social Media • Brand PR • Food Safety and Quality • Transparency • Packaging Information • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness • Affordability • Food Waste • GMOs • Environmental Practices. 
Customers • Dedicated Customer Teams • Customer Meetings and Presentations • Customer Surveys • Customer Letters and Responses to Inquiries • Sales Materials • Industry Trade Groups (such as FMI) • Product Innovation • Trade Practices • Social Accountability • Environmental Practices • Transparency • Sales Support and Service • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness. 
Employees • Quarterly Employee Forums • Town Hall Meetings • Leadership Teams • Focus Groups • Employee Resource Groups • Workplace Site • Email and Text Communications • Surveys • Digital Signage • Anonymous Hotline • Inclusion & Diversity • Occupational Health and Safety • Recognition • Equitable Compensation and Benefits • Talent Management • Business Trends • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness • Transparency • Sustainability • Community Engagement. 
Investors • Meetings with Institutional and Socially Responsible Investors • Direct Engagement on Specific Topics of Interest • Ratings/Rankings and Indices • Quarterly Earnings Releases • Annual Report • Annual Shareholder Meetings • Investor Calls • Industry-related Conferences • Non-Deal Roadshows (NDRs) • Business Strategy and Financial Performance • Governance Practices • Board Composition/Refreshment • Sustainability Strategies • Human Capital Management • Ethical Business Practices • Human Rights • Nutrition • Inclusion & Diversity. 
Regulators and Policymakers • In-Person Meetings and Plant Tours • Direct Engagement on Issues Important to Campbell • Advocacy • Monitoring and Communication of Regulatory Activities • Industry Trade Associations • Coalitions • Food Safety and Quality • Product Labeling and Marketing • Trade Policy Implications • Health, Nutrition, and Wellness Policy • Environmental Policy • Climate Change • Packaging • Sustainable Agriculture. 
Suppliers • Collaborative Partnerships • Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code • Sourcing Events • Strategic Relationship Management Program • Face-to-Face Meetings • Supplier Diversity Program • Surveys • Assessments and Audits • Product Safety and Quality • Human Rights • Ethical Sourcing • Sustainable Packaging • Ingredient Traceability • Cost-Savings Opportunities • Supply Chain Risk Mitigation • Sustainable Agriculture 73 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Stakeholder Engagement


Strategic Memberships and Affiliations • Food Allergy Research and Resource Program (FARRP) at University of Nebraska • Food Safety Research Institute of Wisconsin University • Institute for the Advancement of Food and Nutrition Sciences • NMSDC (National Minority Supplier Development Council) • New Jersey Institute for Food, Nutrition, and Health • Pennsylvania Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics • Pennsylvania State University Nutrition and Dietetics Alumni Society • Potato Sustainability Alliance • Produce for Better Health Foundation • Sedex • SNAC International • Stewardship Index for Specialty Crops • The Recycling Partnership • The Sustainability Consortium • Tufts Food and Nutrition Innovation Institute • University of California, Davis (UC Davis) College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences • WBENC (Women’s Business Enterprise National Council) and WBEC East (Women’s Business Enterprise Center – East: regional affiliate for WBENC) • AIM-Progress • American Bakers Association • AMERIPEN • California League of Food Processors • Center for Research on Ingredient Safety at Michigan State University • Chamber of Commerce Southern New Jersey • Cherry Hill Free Clinic • CEBA (Clean Energy Buyers Association) • Consumer Brands Association • Cornell University’s Institute for Food Safety • Council of NJ Grantmakers • FMI, The Food Industry Association • Food Northwest 74 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Stakeholder Engagement


Campbell Soup Company has reported in accordance with the 2021 GRI Standards for the period August 3, 2020 - August 1, 2021. GRI Index. 
Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
General Disclosures 2-1 Organizational Details Company Overview 2-2 Entities Included in the Organization’s Sustainability Reporting. 
Company Overview 2-3 Reporting Period, Frequency, and Contact Point We are reporting on FY2021 (August 3, 2020 – August 1, 2021). We report biennially, with updates annually. We value and welcome feedback from interested stakeholders. Contact Stewart Lindsay, Vice President, Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability, One Campbell Place, MS131, Camden, NJ 08103. You may also contact us via our dedicated CSR Feedback Email Address: csr_feedback@campbellsoup.com.
2-4 Restatements of Information None 2-5 External Assurance We completed third-party limited assurance consistent with guidance provided by ISO 14064-3 of our FY2021 Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. We also completed limited assurance of our water withdrawal, water discharge, and waste to landfill for FY2021. All assurance statements can be found at https://www.campbellsoupcompany.com/our-impact/reports-and-policies/ 2-6 Activities, Value Chain, and Other Business Relationships 10-K 75 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response 2-7 Employees 2-8 Workers Who Are Not Employees. 
GRI Index. 
Employees by Contract and Gender. 
USA Canada Mexico Total. 
Permanent 13,825 160 31 14,016. 
Male 8,326 67 13 8,406. 
Female 5,499 93 18 5,610. 
Undeclared 0 0 0 0. 
Contractor 5,240 10 20 5,270. 
Male Not tracked Not tracked Not tracked Not tracked. 
Female Not tracked Not tracked Not tracked Not tracked. 
Undeclared 5,240 10 20 5,270. 
Total 19,065 170 51 19,286. 
Employees by Region and Type, Salary, and Gender. 
Region Total Employees Full-Time Part-Time Hourly Salaried Male Female. 
USA 13,825 13,463 362 9,730 4,095 8,326 5,499. 
Canada 160 160 0 0 160 67 93. 
Mexico 31 31 0 0 31 13 18. 
Total 14,016 13,654 362 9,730 4,286 8,406 5,610. 
Employees by Type and Region. 
USA Canada Mexico Total. 
Full-Time 13,463 160 31 13,654. 
Male 8,132 67 13 8,212. 
Female 5,331 93 18 5,442. 
Part-Time 362 0 0 362. 
Male 194 0 0 194. 
Female 168 0 0 168. 
Total 13,825 160 31 14,016 76 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response 2-9 Governance Structure and Composition ESG Governance Structure 2-10 Nomination and Selection of the Highest Governance Body. 
Proxy 2-11 Chair of the Highest Governance Body Proxy 2-12 Role of the Highest Governance Body in Overseeing the Management of Impacts. 
Proxy 2-13 Delegation of Responsibility for Managing Impacts Proxy 2-14 Role of the Highest Governance Body in Sustainability Reporting. 
Proxy 2-15 Conflicts of Interest Proxy 2-16 Communication of Critical Concerns Proxy 2-17 Collective Knowledge of the Highest Governance Body Proxy 2-18 Evaluation of the Performance of the Highest Governance Body. 
Proxy 2-19 Remuneration Policies Proxy 2-20 Process to Determine Remuneration Proxy 2-21 Annual Total Compensation Ratio Proxy 2-22 Statement on Sustainable Development Strategy CEO Message 2-23 Policy Commitments Policies on Our Impact site 2-24 Embedding Policy Commitments The responsibility for embedding our policy commitments varies depending on the policy. For our environmental sustainability and water policies, day-to-day responsibility falls to both the Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability team and the Engineering team. These teams report up through the EVP General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsiblity & Governance Officer and the EVP and Chief Supply Chain Officer, respectively. Responsibility for embedding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sits with our Corporate Compliance and Ethics team who also reports to our EVP General Counsel. For our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code, responsibility sits with our Procurement team and, ultimately, with our Chief Procurement Officer and EVP and Chief Supply Chain Offier.
GRI Index 77 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response 2-25 Processes to Remediate Negative Impacts See GRI 2-26 2-26 Mechanisms for Seeking Advice and Raising Concerns Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Anyone inside or outside of Campbell who has a concern may call the Integrity Hotline at 800-210-2173.
2-27 Compliance with Laws and Regulations There were no significant incidents of non-compliance with laws and regulations during the reporting period. Environmental Compliance: Campbell Soup Company manages environmental compliance through the use of an electronic system, the Campbell’s Environmental Management & Metrics System (CEMMS). The CEMMS system is used at all of our facilities and is the backbone of our overall compliance monitoring. The CEMMS system proactively addresses our document management, permit tracking, tasks and calendar management, incident and inspection notifications, and PSM/RMP documentation control. While this system is auditable and supports ISO 14001, our compliance monitoring is not ISO 14001 certified, and we currently do not have any facilities that are ISO 14001 or OHSAS 18001 certified. Campbell’s environmental group uses CEMMS data to provide a monthly report to Supply Chain leadership for the purpose of identifying environmental compliance status and open issues throughout owned manufacturing and distribution centers.
2-28 Membership Associations Strategic Memberships and Affiliations 2-29 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement Stakeholder Engagement 2-30 Collective Bargaining Agreements 15% of our workforce is unionized or covered by collective bargaining agreements.
Material topics 3-1 Process to Determine Material Topics Materiality 3-2 List of Material Topics Materiality. 
Economic performance 3-3 Management of Material Topics 10-K; Proxy 201-1 Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 10-K; Proxy 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities Due to Climate Change 10-K; CDP Climate Change 201-3 Defined Benefit Plan Obligations and Other Retirement Plans 10-K 201-4 Financial Assistance Received from Government Campbell occasionally receives non-material support from the government in the form of grants and/or credits.
GRI Index 78 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Market presence 3-3 Management of Material Topics Not applicable 202-1 Ratios of Standard Entry Level Wage by Gender Compared to Local Minimum Wage Not applicable 202-2 Proportion of Senior Management Hired from the Local Community Not applicable. 
Indirect economic impacts 3-3 Management of Material Topics Vibrant Communities 203-1 Infrastructure Investments and Services Supported Vibrant Communities 203-2 Significant Indirect Economic Impacts Vibrant Communities. 
Procurement practices 3-3 Management of Material Topics Responsible Sourcing 204-1 Proportion of Spending on Local Suppliers We do not currently track this data, but are determining the feasibility of tracking it in the future.
Anti-corruption 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 205-1 Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption Campbell’s Legal Department regularly assesses corruption risk across the company and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board on that risk and on other legal and regulatory exposures. This assessment addresses the risks faced by the company in the geographies in which it does business. In addition, an annual Conflicts of Interest Questionnaire and Certification is completed by mid- and upper-level management and reviewed by the Legal Department. These assessments and evaluations have not identified significant risks related to corruption.
205-2 Communication and Training About Anti-Corruption Policies and Procedures. 
Each year, Campbell provides online and live training for employees on core ethics and compliance issues and risk-based training tailored to the issues associated with employees’ specific job responsibilities. As part of the Winning with Integrity program, full-time salaried employees are required to complete regular training on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and all employees have access to the Code.
205-3 Confirmed Incidents of Corruption and Actions Taken There have been no confirmed incidents of corruption.
GRI Index 79 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Anti-competitive behavior 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 206-1 Legal Actions for Anti-Competitive Behavior, Anti-Trust, and Monopoly Practices There were no legal actions during the reporting period regarding anti-competitive behavior or violations of anti-trust and monopoly legislation in which Campbell has been identified as a participant.
Tax 3-3 Management of Material Topics Not Applicable 207-1 Approach to Tax Not Applicable 207-2 Tax Governance, Control, and Risk Management Not Applicable 207-3 Stakeholder Engagement and Management of Concerns Related to Tax Not Applicable 207-4 Country-by-Country Reporting Not Applicable. 
Materials 3-3 Management of Material Topics Improving Circularity in Packaging 301-1 Materials Used by Weight or Volume Improving Circularity in Packaging 301-2 Recycled Input Materials Used Improving Circularity in Packaging 301-3 Reclaimed Products and their Packaging Materials We do not have any reclaimed products.
GRI Index 80 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Energy 3-3 Management of Material Topics Combating Climate Change 302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organization Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 302-2 Energy Consumption Outside of the Organization Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 302-3 Energy Intensity Scorecard; CDP Climate Change;
Campbell defines intensity as Energy Use/Metric Ton of Food Produced.
302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 302-5 Reductions in Energy Requirements of Products and Services. 
Scorecard; CDP Climate Change. 
Water and effluents 3-3 Management of Material Topics Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies; Combating Climate Change; CDP Water Security 303-1 Interactions with Water as a Shared Resource Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies; Sustaining Water throughout the Tomato Journey; CDP Water Security 303-2 Management of Water Discharge-Related Impacts Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies; Combating Climate Change; CDP Water Security 303-3 Water Withdrawal Scorecard; CDP Water Security 303-4 Water Discharge Scorecard; CDP Water Security 303-5 Water Consumption CDP Water Security. 
GRI Index 81 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Biodiversity 3-3 Management of Material Topics We consider biodiversity to be embedded within sustainable agriculture so for reporting purposes, we do not report on biodiversity as a separate material issue. Management practices related to biodiversity are included in our sustainable agriculture stories under Healthy Environment — Combating Climate Change.
304-1 Operational Sites Owned, Leased, Managed in, or Adjacent to, Protected Areas and Areas of High Biodiversity Value Outside Protected Areas. 
Not Applicable 304-2 Significant Impacts of Activities, Products, and Services on Biodiversity Not Applicable 304-3 Habitats Protected or Restored Not Applicable 304-4 IUCN Red List Species and National Conservation List Species with Habitats in Areas Affected by Operations Not Applicable. 
Emissions 3-3 Management of Material Topics Combating Climate Change 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 305-2 Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 305-3 Other Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 305-4 GHG Emissions Intensity Scorecard; CDP Climate Change. 
Campbell defines intensity as Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions/Metric Ton of Food Produced.
305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions Scorecard; CDP Climate Change 305-6 Emissions of Ozone-Depleting Substances (ODS) Not tracked at enterprise level 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx), and Other Significant Air Emissions Not tracked at enterprise level. 
GRI Index 82 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Waste 3-3 Management of Material Topics Working to Eliminate Waste 306-1 Waste Generation and Significant Waste-Related Impacts. 
Working to Eliminate Waste; Improving Circularity in Packaging 306-2 Management of Significant Waste-Related Impacts Working to Eliminate Waste 306-3 Waste Generated Scorecard 306-4 Waste Diverted from Disposal Scorecard 306-5 Waste Directed to Disposal Scorecard. 
Supplier environmental assessment 3-3 Management of Material Topics Responsible Sourcing 308-1 New Suppliers that were Screened Using Environmental Criteria Our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code is available to all suppliers and sets forth the environmental standards we require. Suppliers who are deemed high risk may be asked to complete or produce results of a social and environmental compliance audit, consistent with Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA), a social and environmental auditing framework, or a similarly recognized authority. We also include environmental questions in all new supplier Requests for Proposal (RFPs).
308-2 Negative Environmental Impacts in the Supply Chain and Actions Taken Auditing has been significantly constrained due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In FY2021, four suppliers underwent SMETA audits and from those audits, no significant negative environmental impacts were identified.
GRI Index 83 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Employment 3-3 Management of Material Topics Thriving People 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover Voluntary turnover for FY2021 was 16% and involuntary turnover was 9%, with a total turnover rate of 25%.
401-2 Benefits Provided to Full-Time Employees that are Not Provided to Temporary or Part-Time Employees While employee benefits may vary at locations, Campbell offers a robust employee benefits package that may include paid sick days, paid vacation, bereavement leave, education benefits including tuition reimbursement, relocation assistance, health insurance (individual and family), dental insurance (individual and family), vision insurance, domestic partner benefits, life insurance, disability insurance (including long-term), flexible spending accounts (health care and child care), stock options, bonus plans, 401(k) savings plans, an onsite daycare center (WHQ), onsite fitness center (WHQ), 10-week paid parental leave, adoption assistance, and retiree health care. Campbell Soup Company also offers corporate benefits to both same- and opposite-sex couples and has a workplace flexibility policy.
401-3 Parental Leave Campbell's policy provides 10 weeks of fully paid leave to primary caregivers and two weeks of fully-paid leave to non-primary caregivers following the birth or adoption of a child. Outside the U.S., we ensure that practices regarding parental leave are competitive with food companies in those respective markets.
GRI Index. 
New Hires vs. Turnover by Age, Gender, and Region. 
New Hires Turnover. 
Age Range 30 and under 1,118 1,103 31-50 1,497 1,500 51 and over 512 1,024. 
Total 3,127 3,627. 
Gender. 
Female 1,124 1,415. 
Male 2,003 2,212. 
Undeclared 0 0. 
Total 3,127 3,627. 
Region. 
USA 3,111 3,498. 
Canada 9 123. 
Mexico 7 6. 
Total 3,127 3,627 84 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Labor/management relations 3-3 Management of Material Topics Thriving People 402-1 Minimum Notice Periods Regarding Operational Changes Notice periods, if any, may vary by contract and/or legislation and/or local regulation. We always comply with local regulations and have had no actions brought against the company for violation of notice periods.
Occupational health and safety 3-3 Management of Material Topics Caring for Our People 403-1 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Caring for Our People 403-2 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Incident Investigation. 
Caring for Our People 403-3 Occupational Health Services Caring for Our People 403-4 Worker Participation, Consultation, and Communication on Occupational Health and Safety 100% of Campbell’s workforce is represented in formal joint management-worker health and safety committees that help monitor and advise on occupational health and safety programs. All of our locations have some form of health and safety committee with representation from all employee levels.
403-5 Worker Training on Occupational Health and Safety Campbell conducts health and safety trainings in line with our health and safety training standard, which applies to all employees and contractors. Our health and safety standard includes a health and safety orientation, extensive health and safety trainings, and recordkeeping of trainings. Campbell has a dedicated Learning Management System for all health and safety trainings and trainings are both computer-led and instructor-led. Training frequency varies by training topic, with some conducted annually, like confined spaces, conveyor safety, ergonomics, fall protection, and lockout tagout, among others. Site safety Leaders and Safety System Owners are responsible for ensuring affected employees and site visitors are trained and qualified to perform their jobs by ensuring all relevant health and safety training is completed as required.
403-6 Promotion of Worker Health Caring for Our People 403-7 Prevention and Mitigation of Occupational Health and Safety Impacts Directly Linked by Business Relationships. 
Caring for Our People 403-8 Workers Covered by an Occupational Health and Safety Management System All employees are covered by our health and safety management system.
403-9 Work-Related Injuries Scorecard 403-10 Work-related Ill Health Scorecard. 
GRI Index 85 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Training and education 3-3 Management of Material Topics Thriving People 404-1 Average Hours of Training Per Year Per Employee We track the following metrics related to training and development: • Average amount spent on training an employee annually: $1,303 • Average number of hours of training per employee annually: 10 *Our FY21 data now includes Snyder’s-Lance employees.
404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Program. 
Thriving People 404-3 Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career Development Reviews 100% of employees receive an annual performance evaluation.
Diversity and equal opportunity 3-3 Management of Material Topics Thriving People; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
GRI Index 86 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees Proxy 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men Ratios of the median salaries of women to men at Campbell’s U.S. corporate office locations, by salary band, range from 106% to 94%. Each salary band is comprised of different roles within different functions and are not necessarily comparable.
GRI Index. 
Gender Diversity by Management Level. 
Female Male Undeclared Total. 
Board of Directors 4 9 0 13. 
Top Management 16 20 0 36. 
Management 664 941 0 1,605. 
NonManagement 4,930 7,445 0 12,375. 
Toal 5,610 8,406 0 14,016. 
Ethnicity by Management Level (United States)
American Indian/Alaska Native. 
Asian Black or African American. 
Hispanic or Latino Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islands 2 or More Races White Undeclared Total. 
Top Management 0 2 1 4 0 1 28 0 36. 
Management 6 121 82 77 2 22 1,185 3 1,498. 
NonManagement 385 540 2,605 1,940 69 237 6,492 23 12,291. 
Total 391 663 2,688 2,021 71 260 7,705 26 13,825. 
Age Group 30 and Under 31-50 51 and Over Total. 
Board of Directors 0 2 11 13. 
Employees 2,446 6,405 5,165 14,016. 
For more information, see our Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) Statement.
87 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Non-discrimination 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 406-1 Incidents of Discrimination and Corrective Actions Taken The company has not been fined or disciplined by the EEOC in the last five fiscal years.
Freedom of association and collective bargaining 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 407-1 Operations and Suppliers in Which the Right to Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining May Be at Risk. 
Campbell has not identified any operations in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk and we hold our suppliers accountable to our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code.
Child labor 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Human Rights Principles 408-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Child Labor Campbell has not identified any operations at significant risk for incidents of child labor and we hold our suppliers accountable to our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code.
Forced or compulsory labor 3-3 Management of Material Topics Code of Conduct; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 409-1 Operations and Suppliers at Significant Risk for Incidents of Forced or Compulsory Labor Campbell has not identified any operations at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor and we hold our suppliers accountable to our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code.
Security practices 3-3 Management of Material Topics Not Applicable 410-1 Security Personnel Trained in Human Rights Policies or Procedures Not Applicable. 
GRI Index 88 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Rights of indigenous peoples 3-3 Management of Material Topics Materiality 411-1 Incidents of Violations Involving Rights of Indigenous Peoples There have been no incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples in the reporting period.
Local communities 3-3 Management of Material Topics Vibrant Communities 413-1 Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments, and Development Programs. 
Vibrant Communities. 
We have community engagement programs in all of the locations in which we operate.
413-2 Operations with Significant Actual and Potential Negative Impacts on Local Communities We have not identified operations with significant actual or potential negative impacts on local communities.
Supplier social assessment 3-3 Management of Material Topics Responsible Sourcing 414-1 New Suppliers that were Screened Using Social Criteria Our expectations concerning human rights for our suppliers are outlined in our Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code, which can be found at https://www.campbellsoupcompany.com/suppliers/. Suppliers who are deemed high risk may be asked to complete or produce results of a social and environmental compliance audit, consistent with Sedex Members Ethical Trade Audit (SMETA), a social and environmental auditing framework, or a similarly recognized authority.
414-2 Negative Social Impacts in the Supply Chain and Actions Taken Auditing has been significantly constrained due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In FY2021, four suppliers underwent SMETA audits and from those audits, no significant negative social impacts were identified.
Public policy 3-3 Management of Material Topics Not Applicable 415-1 Political Contributions Not Applicable. 
GRI Index 89 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
Customer health and safety 3-3 Management of Material Topics Operating Transparently 416-1 Assessment of the Health and Safety Impacts of Product and Service Categories. 
Operating Transparently. 
Campbell has a long history of actively monitoring pesticide residues on incoming ingredients via our own internal chemical residue testing laboratory. Ingredients and suppliers are selected for sampling using a riskbased approach using internal and external data sources on likely residue risk to set sampling frequency. In tomato ingredients, Campbell’s number one ingredient type for our legacy brands, we have over a decade of requiring farmer compliance with Campbell pesticide requirements which are stricter than U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California EPA standards. Farmer pesticide application reports are monitored, and tomato farmers out of compliance with these requirements cannot harvest their fields for Campbell.
416-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning the Health and Safety Impacts of Products and Services In FY2021, Campbell had no Class I or Class II recalls.
Marketing and labeling 3-3 Management of Material Topics Materiality 417-1 Requirements for Product and Service Information and Labeling We ensure that 100% of our products provide nutrition information on packaging globally. Our multidisciplinary team of experts follows a rigorous multistep review process to ensure any claims we make for our products are truthful and not misleading to consumers. In addition to an extensive internal review process, regulatory agencies enforce compliance in our operating markets. At a minimum, we label for energy (calories), total fat, saturated fat, sodium, carbohydrates, and protein in 100% of our markets. Most products also include a percentage of recommended daily intakes for nutrients per serving in line with local regulations. We participate in front-of-pack labeling systems mandated by regulations throughout Central and South America markets. We also participate in voluntary front-of-pack labeling programs throughout other regions as determined by individual businesses. For consumers who want more information about our food, beyond what we can fit on product packaging, additional information about ingredients, nutrition, and claims is available online on individual brand websites.
417-2 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Product and Service Information and Labeling There were no significant incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service information and labeling in FY2021.
417-3 Incidents of Non-Compliance Concerning Marketing Communications There were no significant incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications in FY2021.
Customer privacy 3-3 Management of Material Topics Not Applicable 418-1 Substantiated Complaints Concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy and Losses of Customer Data Not Applicable. 
GRI Index 90 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


SASB Index. 
Topic Accounting Metric Response. 
Energy Management. 
Total Energy Consumed 11,228,006 GJ. 
Percentage Grid Electricity 91%
Percentage Renewable 9%
Water Management. 
Total Water Withdrawn 21,477,982 m3. 
Number of Incidents of Non-Compliance Associated With Water Quantity and/or Quality Permits, Standards, and Regulations 19. 
Description of Water Management Risks and Discussion of Strategies and Practices To Mitigate Those Risks. 
Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies. 
Food Safety. 
Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) Audit Non-Conformance Rate Due to COVID-19 protocols, audits conducted in FY2021 were virtual. In-person audits have resumed for FY2022. We expect all facilities to be SQF certified by the end of FY2022.
GFSI Associated Corrective Action Rate for Major and Minor Non-Conformances Due to COVID-19 protocols, audits conducted in FY2021 were virtual. In-person audits have resumed for FY2022. We expect all facilities to be SQF certified by the end of FY2022.
Percentage of Ingredients Sourced From Tier 1 Supplier Facilities Certified to GFSI Recognized Food Safety Certification Program In FY2021, 94% of Tier 1 supplier faciities were certified to a recognized GFSI standard.
Number of Recalls Issued Campbell did not issue any recalls in FY2021.
Total Amount of Food Product Recalled 0 metric tons. 
Health & Nutrition. 
Revenue From Products Labeled and/or Marketed To Promote Health and Nutrition Attributes Advancing Health and Well-being; Scorecard. 
Discussion of the Process to Identify and Manage Products and Ingredients Related to Nutritional and Health Concerns Among Consumers. 
Advancing Health and Well-being A cross functional team of experts in Food Science, Nutrition, Regulatory, and Legal partner with our brands on new innovation, renovation, and promotion to develop and validate desired health communications.
Revenue From Products Labeled as Containing GMOs $5.9 billion, gross. 
Revenue From Products that are Non-GMO $2.4 billion, gross. 
Number of Incidents of Non-Compliance with Industry or Regulatory Labeling and/or Marketing Codes 0. 
Total Amount of Monetary Losses as a Result of Legal Proceedings Associated With Labeling and/or Marketing Practices $0. 
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards guide the disclosure of financially material sustainability information by companies to their investors. The Standards identify the environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues most relevant to financial performance in each industry. Campbell uses the Standard for the Processed Foods industry as guidance for disclosure.
91 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Topic Accounting Metric Response. 
Packaging Lifecycle Management. 
Total Weight of Packaging 471,221 metric tons. 
Percentage Made From Recycled and/or Renewable Materials Campbell set a target to increase the use of post-consumer recycled (PCR) content and incorporate 25% PCR content into polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles by 2030. In FY2021, average PCR content across packaging material types was as follows: Aluminum: 70% Corrugate: 38% Glass: 35% Steel: 35% Plastic: 0%
Percentage That Is Recyclable, Reusable, and/or Compostable 95% (by weight)
Discussion of Strategies To Reduce the Environmental Impact of Packaging Throughout Its Lifecycle. 
Our New Sustainable Packaging Commitments press release; Improving Circularity in Packaging. 
Environmental & Social Impacts of Ingredient Supply Chain. 
Percentage of Food Ingredients Sourced that are Certified to Third-Party Environmental and/or Social Standards, and Percentages by Standard USDA Organic: 5.4% RSPO Palm Oil: 100% (mass balance) Fair Trade USA: 0.003% GAP 2 Chicken: 13% Marine Stewardship Council (MSC): 93% (% of total food ingredient spend)
Suppliers’ Social and Environmental Responsibility Audit Non-Conformance Rate Overall non-conformance rate: 100% Major: 100% Minor: 75% (Based on SMETA 4-Pillar Audits)
Suppliers’ Social and Environmental Responsibility Audit Associated Corrective Action Rate for Major and Minor Non-Conformances Corrective action rate: Major: 82% Minor: 75% (Based on SMETA 4-Pillar Audits)
Ingredients Sourcing. 
Percentage of Food Ingredients Sourced From Regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress 44%
List of Priority Food Ingredients and Discussion of Sourcing Risks Due to Environmental and Social Considerations. 
Responsible Sourcing risk table. 
SASB Index 92 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


UN Global Compact. 
The UN Global Compact (UNGC) is a strategic policy initiative for businesses that are committed to aligning their operations and strategies with 10 universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. Campbell committed to the principles of the UNGC in 2009. Below is an index of our reporting against the UNGC principles within the content of this 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report Update.
Principle Description Report section/ link 1. 
Support and Respect Protection of Internationally Proclaimed Human Rights. 
Responsible Sourcing Governance and Ethics Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code 2. 
Make Sure Business Is Not Complicit in Human Rights Abuses. 
Responsible Sourcing Governance and Ethics Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code 3. 
Uphold Freedom of Association and the Effective Recognition of the Right to Collective Bargaining. 
Governance and Ethics Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics GRI Content Index - 2-30 4. 
Support Elimination of All Forms of Forced and Compulsory Labor. 
Governance and Ethics Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 5. 
Support Effective Abolition of Child Labor Governance and Ethics Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Responsible Sourcing Supplier Code Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 93 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Principle Description Report section/ link 6. 
Eliminate Discrimination in Employment and Occupation Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity Supporting Supplier Diversity Board Diversity Purpose, Values, and Culture Human Rights Principles Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our Impact Website: Inclusion and Diversity 7. 
Support a Precautionary Approach to Environmental Challenges. 
Healthy Environment Our Impact Website: Healthy Environment Environmental Sustainability Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 8. 
Undertake Initiatives To Promote Greater Environmental Responsibility. 
Healthy Environment Our Impact Website: Healthy Environment Environmental Sustainability Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 9. 
Encourage the Development and Diffusion of Environmentally Friendly Technologies. 
Healthy Environment Our Impact Website: Healthy Environment Environmental Sustainability Policy Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 10. 
Work Against All Forms of Corruption, Including Extortion and Bribery. 
Governance and Ethics Code of Business Conduct and Ethics GRI Content Index - 204: Anti-corruption GRI Content Index - 205: Anti-competitive Behavior. 
UN Global Compact 94 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


UN SDGs. 
Creating opportunities for people in need, especially in our hometown communities.
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Using our resources as a food company to end hunger through cash and product donations.
Advancing Health and Well-Being. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Combating Climate Change. 
Responding to consumer trends and offering products that contribute to a healthy diet.
Advancing Health and Well-Being. 
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Caring for Our People. 
Educating community members about the importance of nutritious food.
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Supporting women in our workforce and supply chain.
Building a Winning Team and Culture. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity. 
Ensuring our operations do not adversely affect local water resources.
Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies. 
Committing to 40% renewable or alternative energy to meet our electricity needs by FY2020.
Combating Climate Change. 
Building a workplace guided by our values and helping emerging businesses succeed.
Responsible Sourcing. 
Building a Winning Team and Culture. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity. 
Caring for Our People. 
Innovating through our products, the agricultural practices we promote and the level of transparency with which we communicate.
Promoting Animal Welfare. 
Operating Transparently. 
Leveling the playing field for underprivileged employees, suppliers, and people in our communities.
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Responsible Sourcing. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity. 
Code of Conduct. 
Reducing the GHG emissions associated with growing, transporting, and producing our food.
Combating Climate Change. 
Responsibly sourcing raw materials and minimizing resource consumption and waste during production.
Responsible Sourcing. 
Combating Climate Change. 
Promoting Sustainable Water Supplies. 
Working to Eliminate Waste. 
Improving Circularity in Packaging. 
Strengthening the communities where we operate worldwide through volunteerism and partnerships.
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Responsible Sourcing. 
Responsibly sourcing raw materials whose cultivation may contribute to deforestation.
Combating Climate Change. 
Operating our company guided by a foundation of ethical business practices.
Building a Winning Team and Culture. 
Prioritizing Inclusion and Diversity. 
ESG Governance Structure. 
Board Diversity. 
Code of Conduct. 
Risk Management. 
Partnering with internal and external stakeholders to address major industry challenges.
Improving Healthy Food Access and Education. 
Building Strong Community Connections. 
Responsible Sourcing. 
Working to Eliminate Waste. 
Improving Circularity in Packaging 95 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


TCFD. 
Disclosure Campbell's Response. 
Governance a) Describe the board’s oversight of climaterelated risks and opportunities 2021 CDP Climate Disclosures, pages 5-7; ESG Governance Structure. 
Oversight of Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) activities is managed by the Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and is reflected in the Committee’s Charter. The Committee takes an active role in the continued evolution of Campbell’s ESG strategy and public reporting. The Vice President of Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability (CR&S) presents to the Governance Committee twice annually. These updates include company ESG performance, risks, and opportunities, and future plans. All new public ESG-related commitments, like our Science-Based Target, must be reviewed by the Governance Committee.
b) Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities 2021 CDP Climate disclosure, pages 5-7; ESG Governance Structure. 
The highest management-level positions with responsibility for climate-related issues are the EVP General Counsel and Chief Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility and Governance Officer (EVP General Counsel), our EVP Chief Supply Chain Officer and our EVP and Chief R&D and Innovation Officer. All three report directly to our CEO and are also heavily engaged in our Sustainability Steering Committee. Our Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability (CR&S) team, who supports the environmental and social components of our ESG strategy, report up to our EVP General Counsel. Our EVP Chief Supply Chain Officer manages business continuity and supply chain resiliency. Our EVP and Chief R&D and Innovation Officer oversees sustainable product innovation opportunities and packaging sustainability initiatives. In addition, other leaders across the business are also engaged. Our Chief Marketing Officers assess changes in consumer perceptions around ESG-related topics. Our Vice President of Corporate Audit, who leads Campbell's Enterprise Risk Management process, is co-leading Campbell's climate risk and opportunity screening assessment in conjunction with the CR&S team. All new public ESG-related commitments, like our Science-Based Target, must be reviewed by the Corporate Leadership Team before moving to the Governance Committee for review.
Strategy a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term 2021 CDP Climate disclosure, pages 12-20. 
We have identified both physical and transition risks related to climate change. These risks pertain to current and future regulations, reputation and increased stakeholder concern, and the increased cost of raw materials. We have also identified opportunities in our operations and our supply chain, including resource efficiency in our direct operations, shifts in consumer preferences that could lead to increased revenue from higher demand for our products, and potential revenue opportunities tied to carbon markets where we operate.
We are working with an outside partner to conduct a more comprehensive climate risk and opportunity screening assessment in FY2022, the results of which will feed into a future climate-related scenario analysis.
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization's businesses, strategy, and financial planning 2021 CDP Climate disclosure, pages 21-23; Combating Climate Change. 
Climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced our business strategy in a number of ways. Growing demand from consumers and other stakeholders for sustainable products has influenced our packaging strategy as one way to deliver sustainable products. With the development of company-wide sustainable packaging goals, packaging innovation is required across the business to make progress against our goals.
Climate change poses a risk to our agricultural supply chain and our operations. We strategically engage with growers and suppliers to implement more sustainable growing practices as part of our sustainable agriculture program so that growers can improve soil health and farm resiliency over time. We have also built renewable energy and energy efficiency opportunities into our operations strategy. Certain investments, like energy efficiency assessments, the cost of lower carbon plantbased protein alternatives, and the cost of post-consumer recycled content have been included in our Annual Operating Plan.
c) Describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into consideration different future climate scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario. 
In FY2022, Campbell will be conducting a climate risk and opportunity screening to identify material climate-related risks and opportunities for our business. This screening process will occur in collaboration with dozens of cross-functional partners across the organization. The results of this screening will set the foundation for Campbell to conduct a full climate-related scenario analysis in the future.
The Task Force on Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD) provides climaterelated financial disclosure recommendations focused on four key areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
96 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices


Disclosure Campbell's Response. 
Risk Management a) Describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks 2021 CDP Climate disclosure, pages 9-12; Risk Management; Campbell's Environmental Sustainability Policy. 
To date, climate-related risks have been identified and assessed through a variety of processes. Campbell has a formal Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process that is reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors annually. Our ERM process includes input from across the company through surveying a broad set of Campbell leaders and subject matter experts. For the most critical risks, enterprise risk profiles and related action plans are developed.
Our top ESG risks are fully embedded within our ERM process. In FY2021, there were multiple climate-related risk factors included in the top 10, including business continuity; supply chain resiliency and commodity availability; and crisis management.
Campbell evaluates operational, supply chain, reputation, and regulatory risks with the help of many internal teams including government and regulatory affairs, sustainability, engineering, and procurement. Campbell also meets with external content experts and stakeholders including values-based investors, activists, and the scientific community to ensure we factor a broad set of perspectives into climate risk assessments. Risks due to climate change are evaluated at a more granular level as they relate to the location of facilities and sourcing regions.
In FY2022, Campbell will be conducting a climate risk screening to identify material climate-related risks and opportunities for our business. This screening process will occur in collaboration with dozens of cross-functional partners across the organization and will inform our future climate-related scenario analysis.
b) Describe the organization's processes for managing climate-related risks 2021 CDP Climate disclosure; Risk Management; Campbell's Environmental Sustainability Policy. 
Processes for managing climate-related risks exist across different functions at Campbell. To date, teams that have been critical to this process include Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Procurement, Corporate Responsibility & Sustainability, Agriculture Operations, and Audit. Processes around business continuity planning, supply continuity planning, decarbonization, sustainable agriculture and grower engagement, and enterprise risk management all result in identifying owners and developing strategies to manage risk, some of which are related to climate change.
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk management 2021 CDP Climate disclosure; Risk Management; Campbell's Environmental Sustainability Policy. 
Processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into Campbell's Enterprise Risk Management process and through other business processes, like business continuity and supply continuity planning. More detail can be found above in sections (a) and (b) and in the links provided.
Metrics and Targets a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. 
ESG Goals; Scorecard. 
Campbell discloses a variety of environmental metrics in our Corporate Responsibility Report and in our CDP disclosures. Metrics include greenhouse gas emissions; energy use, renewable energy generated; sustainable sourcing; waste generation, including food waste; packaging recyclability; post-consumer recycled content in packaging; RSPO palm oil; among others.
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, and the related risks. 
Scorecard; Combating Climate Change; 2021 CDP Climate disclosure; Campbell's Environmental Sustainability Policy. 
Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions can be found in our Scorecard. Risks related to the various scopes of emissions are discussed throughout the Combating Climate Change section of the Report, in our 2021 CDP Climate disclosure, as well as in our Environmental Sustainability Policy.
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. 
ESG Goals. 
Campbell Soup Company commits to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 42% by FY2030 from a FY2020 base year. Campbell Soup Company also commits to reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution 25% within the same time frame. We have reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 8% and Scope 3 emissions by 8% since FY2020.
Campbell also has a sustainable agriculture goal to source 50% (by volume) of each plant-based priority ingredient from suppliers engaged in an approved sustainable agriculture program by FY2025. For tomatoes and potatoes, we have already surpassed our goal. For wheat, we are at 58% of our goal and programs in almond and cashew just launched in FY2021 with 6% and 2% progress, respectively.
TCFD 97 Introduction Trusted Food Vibrant Communities Thriving People Healthy Environment Appendix Governance and Ethics. 
Scorecard Materiality Stakeholder Engagement Indices Indices