E S G R E P O R T


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 2. 
Travel Can Change the World. For Good.
03 09 15 19. 
A Message from Ed Bastian. 
Highlights. 
Awards. 
About this Report. 
Governance. 
Board-level Oversight. 
Management-level Oversight and Implementation. 
Political Activity and Policy Engagement. 
Business Ethics. 
Information Security. 
Safety. 
Safety Management System. 
Flight Safety. 
Safety through Global Cleanliness. 
Employee Safety. 
People and Well-being. 
Human Capital Management. 
Employee Health and Well-being. 
Talent Management. 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. 
Responsible Supply Chain. 
Seeking Diversity within Our Suppliers. 
Expanding ESG Standards for Suppliers. 
Climate and the Environment. 
Our Decarbonization Pathway. 
Engaging Stakeholders, Building Coalitions and Driving Policy Development. 
Progress Towards Our Goals. 
Climate Risks and Opportunities. 
Reducing Waste. 
Environmental Compliance. 

Connecting within. 
Our Communities. 
Impacting Our Environment. 
Building Equity. 
Advancing Education for Future Generations. 
Nurturing Entire Well-being. 
Supporting Veterans and Military. 
Combating Human Trafficking. 
Appendix. 
About Delta. 
Reporting Frameworks. 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index. 
Taskforce on Climate-Related. 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index. 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index. 
Additonal GHG Emissions Data. 
Emissions Verification. 
Historical Emissions Data. 
Fuel Efficiency. 
Legal Disclaimer. 
TA B L E O F C O N T E N T S 32 29 59 53 05 07


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 3 2021 was a year full of opportunities, challenges and uncertainty. Even as the development and distribution of safe, effective vaccines allowed us to begin rebuilding our business, we were met with obstacles at nearly every turn, including unpredictable variants that set back our recovery.
Through it all, Delta people rose to the occasion with the same commitment to excellence, care and compassion that always sets them apart. Their hard work is reflected in the many awards Delta received in 2021, including the J.D. Power No. 1 Airline ranking in the North America Airline Satisfaction Study, No. 18 on Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies list, and the Platinum Award for Operational Excellence by Cirium, to name a few. No one deserves this recognition more than the people of Delta.
We continue to be guided by our core values and our recognition of the significance of ESG matters to our business, as demonstrated throughout this report.
As I write this in spring 2022, we see blue skies ahead, and we’re setting our sights higher than ever before. While we continue our climb, Delta will continue to focus on:
PRIORITIZING HEALTH AND SAFETY ABOVE ALL ELSE. 
Nothing is more important than the health and safety of our people and our customers. Many of the lessons we learned throughout the pandemic will carry through to the next era of air travel, including a renewed focus on cleanliness throughout the travel journey. And under the guidance of Dr. Henry Ting, our Chief Health Officer, we’ll continue to explore opportunities to prioritize well-being and bring joy to the travel experience.
Core to Delta’s culture is a philosophy of putting safety first—always. As more customers return to the skies, this relentless focus will continue. We’re investing in our people, equipment and aircraft to drive further improvements in flight and workplace safety metrics.
We’re also continuing to push for industry-wide solutions, like advocating for a national, comprehensive no-fly list of unruly passengers to mitigate the rise of inflight misconduct. It’s important that Delta people and customers know I will always have their backs when it comes to safety.
TAKING CARE OF OUR PEOPLE. 
Throughout the pandemic, we’ve been steadfast in our approach of putting people first.
That’s why we were quick to introduce robust health and safety measures and stand up new HR programs and resources for our people at the onset of the pandemic, and why we’ve invested more than $500 million in our pay protection, testing and vaccination efforts since that time.
(Continued on next page)
A Message from Ed Bastian Ed Bastian. 
CEO Delta Air Lines


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 4. 
This year we also celebrated the return of profit sharing, with a $100 million payout to celebrate a profitable second half of 2021—an accomplishment made possible by the hard work and resilience of our people. We decided long ago that Delta people should share in the success that they make possible, and that commitment will not waver.
ADVANCING DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION. 
The goals we’ve set for diversity, equity and inclusion will continue to be a critical focus this year. We will actively seek diversity, boldly pursue equity and consciously promote inclusion.
Some of our specific areas of focus include: strengthening our pipeline to have stronger diversity and representation in our employee base, continuing to enhance the diversity of our Board of Directors, assessing for bias in our talent processes, pursuing equity, creating more opportunities for underrepresented people and increasing inclusion training. While we’ve made great progress in these areas already, the journey is ongoing.
BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE. 
Amid the challenges of the pandemic, we continued to accelerate our efforts to combat the crisis of climate change and build a more sustainable future for air travel.
We believe strongly that customers should not have to choose between seeing the world and saving the world. Travel and sustainability are not mutually exclusive. That’s why we’ve announced our intention to set science-based targets on our Flight to Net Zero and to reduce waste onboard our aircraft.
You’ll see this commitment to sustainability come to life in many ways, both onboard our aircraft and in our communities at large. In 2021, Delta made capital expenditures of approximately $3.2 billion, the majority of which went toward new aircraft that are, on average, 25% more fuel efficient per seat mile than retired aircraft, as well as terminal construction that includes enhancements to energy efficiency. In addition, 25% of our ground equipment is expected to be electric by the end of this year, increasing to 50% by 2025.
We’re also continuing to look for opportunities to form innovative partnerships and coalitions and to sign new sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) agreements.
To lead the charge on these important efforts, we’ve recently welcomed Pamela Fletcher to Delta as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer—the airline industry’s only C-Suite level CSO. I look forward to working closely with Pam as we lead the industry to a sustainable future.
SERVING OUR COMMUNITIES. 
Giving back to the communities where we live, work and serve remains a cornerstone of our culture, demonstrated by the thousands of volunteer hours and $36 million in charitable contributions from Delta and The Delta Air Lines Foundation in 2021.
As the pandemic continued to reshape community engagement, Delta remained a leader in creating global change. In 2021, we were recognized as one of the 50 most community-minded companies in the U.S. by Points of Light and as. 
American Red Cross’ No. 1 corporate blood drive sponsor—both for the fourth year in a row.
While there are many challenges still ahead, we know there are even more opportunities. 2022 will be a pivotal year for Delta and for our world. For many, it will be an opportunity to reconnect with loved ones and visit places they’ve longed to see for many years. We can’t wait to welcome these customers back to the skies.
Whether you’re a customer, an investor, an employee or a community partner, I want to thank you for being part of this journey with us.
Ed Bastian Chief Executive Officer Delta Air Lines, Inc.
Travel Can Change the World. For Good.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 5. 
Highlights. 
GOAL PROGRESS ~$315M spent in 2021 33% of new hires for General Manager, Director and Managing Director roles are Black external candidates, up from 20% in 2020. 
Increase from 10% to 16% in officer representation among underrepresented racial and ethnic groups from 2020 baseline. 
Established employee well-being metric, Flourishing Index, to guide future programs; building upon investments in health and well-being programs and protecting employees from COVID-19. 
Double spend with Black-owned businesses to $690M by 2025. 
Increase diversity of qualified candidates and new hires. 
Close diversity gaps in senior leadership positions. 
Enhance employee well-being. 
PEOPLE AND WELL-BEING. 
GOAL PROGRESS. 
Maintain a corporate governance program aligned with evolving best practices. 
Board Committee Charters revised to clarify ESG responsibilities. 
Management oversight of ESG elevated through ESG and Carbon Councils and onboarding of the industry’s first C-Suite level Chief Sustainability Officer. 
GOVERNANCE. 
GOAL PROGRESS. 
Reduce the risk of transmission of COVID-19 variants throughout our operation. 
Proactively reduce risks by identifying, assessing, mitigating and/or eliminating hazards that may cause incidents/ accidents or injuries to customers. 
Provided 1M free COVID-19 tests to employees. 
Hosted vaccine clinics for employees and community members. 
Achieved a 95% domestic employee vaccination rate. 
Zero serious customer injuries in 2021. 
SAFETY. 
Improve fuel efficiency 10% Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) by 2030 25% Electric Ground Support Equipment (eGSE) in 2022. 
Achieve net zero by 2050 $1 Billion investment through 2030 0.8% improvement on available seat mile basis from 2020 to 2021 39% of 2030 SAF secured through offtake agreements 19% as of April 2022. 
Announced intention to set sciencebased targets to achieve net zero GHG emissions no later than 2050 and improve emissions intensity no later than 2035 compared to a 2019 baseline $137M invested to purchase and retire offsets relating to 27M metric tons of 2021 carbon emissions. 
GOAL PROGRESS. 
CLIMATE AND THE ENVIRONMENT. 
GOAL PROGRESS. 
Enhance oversight to support sustainability of supply chain. 
Launched Supplier Sustainability Program via EcoVadis. 
RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 6. 
Awards *From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Fortune and Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies are registered trademarks of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Delta Air Lines.
CUSTOMER SERVICE AWARDS. 
No. 18 up 5 spots 2022 World's Most Admired Companies (in 2021 Delta ranked No. 23) (9th consecutive year), Fortune*
Delta is the highest-ranking airline on this Top 50 list. 
Best Airline for American Travelers Delta Air Lines, USA Today. 
Best Airport Lounge The Delta Sky Club at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York USA Today. 
Best Cabin Crew Delta flight attendants, USA Today. 
Operational Excellence Platinum Award, Cirium. 
Best Overall Customer Service Airline Business Traveler. 
EMPLOYEE AWARDS. 
No. 18 out of 100 Best Places to Work 100% Best Places to Work (6th year in a row)
ESG AWARDS. 
No. 38 Top-performing company on ESG issues. 
Top Airline in the ESG category (2021)


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 7. 
About this Report. 
The 2021 ESG Report presents a snapshot of our environmental, social and governance efforts since January 1, 2021, with a focus on the period from January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021, unless otherwise stated. Delta continually seeks to advance its ESG goals; therefore, progress toward certain initiatives during the first quarter of 2022 has been reflected in this report.
The report is informed by the reporting standards of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
This report reflects information regarding Delta’s airline operations, which is our core business. Monroe Energy, a subsidiary that has approximately 500 employees and operates the Trainer Refinery and related pipelines and terminal assets that supply jet fuel to our airline operations in the Northeastern United States, is operated separately and is not reflected in this report, as permitted by the GHG Protocol.
For additional information regarding Monroe Energy, please see our uAnnual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and our uClimate Lobbying Report.
NO ONE BETTER CONNECTS THE WORLD.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 8. 
ESG MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT. 
At Delta, we seek to transparently communicate through our ESG report how we view, prioritize and approach the ESG topics most relevant to our business, which we determine based on an assessment process involving input from key internal and external stakeholder groups.
We believe regular engagement and dialogue with key stakeholder groups through both formal and informal processes positions us to proactively address emerging ESG opportunities and risks.
One way that we engage with both internal and external stakeholders is through a biennial ESG materiality assessment. We use this input to identify the most relevant, or material, issues from an ESG perspective, which is a different standard than that used in our financial disclosures and distinct from the concept of materiality as defined under rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and case law.
For our 2021 ESG materiality assessment, we surveyed ten stakeholder groups and interviewed several representative members to evaluate a variety of ESG topics and their relative importance.
The stakeholder groups included in our 2021 assessment consisted of the following:
Topics included in the assessment were influenced by both current events and stakeholder feedback received since the 2019 assessment and were evaluated based on sustainability reporting frameworks and internal analysis of their relevance to Delta’s business.
The survey asked internal and external stakeholders to rank the importance of each topic relative to the others. These results were aggregated, analyzed and refined through feedback provided during the interviews.
Delta received feedback from more than 1,000 internal and external stakeholders and evaluated 40 ESG topics during the assessment process. The results of the ESG materiality assessment were then presented to, and reviewed by, Delta’s ESG Council.
While many priority topics were similar to those identified in the 2019 assessment, the ranking of topics has evolved. This year, the highest-ranking topics—aircraft fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change management—are environmentally-focused, which represents a change from the 2019 assessment.
• Investors • Customers • Employees • Suppliers • Community Partners • Regulators/Policy Makers • Nongovernmental Organizations • Partner Airlines/Industry Peers • Airports and Travel Sites* • Industry Associations*
Diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) ranked in the top ten for the first time in this year’s assessment, highlighting its importance based on the ongoing global reckoning over racial injustice and inequality. The highest-ranking topics are catalogued within Delta’s enterprise risk management (ERM) program, discussed in the Delta Risk Council and its supporting working groups and, where appropriate, can be escalated accordingly through our governance structure. This report addresses many of these topics in detail.
*Denotes stakeholder groups included in ESG materiality assessment for the first time.
TOP 20 TOPICS. 
Aircraft Fuel Efficiency and GHG Emissions. 
Climate Change Management. 
Corporate Culture. 
COVID-19 Responsiveness. 
Customer Health and Safety. 
Customer Satisfaction. 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. 
Employee Compensation and Benefits. 
Employee Engagement and Satisfaction. 
Employee Safety. 
Employee Well-being. 
Environmental Management Systems. 
Ethical Conduct. 
Financial Performance and Resiliency. 
Flight Safety. 
Innovation. 
Material Recycling, Upcycling and Reuse. 
Single-use Plastic Reduction. 
Sustainable Aviation Fuels. 
Waste Reduction. 
Environmental Social Other


GOVERNANCE


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 10. 
Delta has implemented a robust governance framework over ESG matters at the board and management levels.
Governance. 
Average Tenure 5.9 years 2
6 6. 
TENURE 5-10 years >10 years <5 years 12. 
INDEPENDENCE 2. 
All independent except CEO and ALPA Nominee 6
21% women directors 36% racially or ethnically diverse directors • 1 Hispanic • 1 Latino • 3 African Americans. 
DIVERSITY 6 of 14. 
Directors are diverse by race, gender and/or ethnicity 8. 
Board-level Oversight. 
Delta has a history of a strong, independent Board of Directors, composed of experienced members who are diverse with respect to background, skills, experiences, gender, race and ethnicity.
The Board is committed to sound corporate governance in line with evolving best practices. The Board of Directors understands and appreciates the importance of ESG matters as well as their significance to our various stakeholders.
The Board includes several directors with skills and experience relevant to these topics. In addition, the Board has, and continues to gain, knowledge about these evolving areas through, among other things, regular briefings and discussions with internal subject matter experts. The Board also has external resources and access to education on a variety of these matters.
The Board of Directors has ultimate responsibility to oversee Delta’s ERM program, including with respect to ESG matters. The Board discusses risk throughout the year, particularly when reviewing operating and strategic plans and when considering specific actions for approval.
The Board’s oversight of risk is managed through delegation to the Board's committees with regular reporting to the full Board. In early 2022, the Board reviewed and, as appropriate, updated the allocation of oversight responsibilities for various ESG matters, including through revision of Board committee charters.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 11. 
As is discussed in greater detail in Delta’s 2022 proxy statement, oversight over ESG matters aligns with the general responsibilities of those committees as follows: u Audit Committee • oversees compliance with procedures and processes pertaining to corporate ethics and standards of conduct, including regular review of reports on adherence to these standards • reviews ERM processes and discusses major risk exposures with management • reviews cybersecurity risks and the security and operations of our information technology systems • oversees the reporting of environmental and social matters in our SEC filings u Corporate Governance Committee • leads the Board’s governance practices and procedures • oversees our environmental sustainability strategy, goal setting, opportunities and risks, and efforts and progress with respect to these matters • reviews reports on our corporate and. 
PAC political contributions and charitable contributions made by Delta or The Delta Foundation u Personnel & Compensation Committee • reviews management succession plans and the company leader and talent planning process • oversees policies and strategies relating to talent development and human capital management, including diversity, equity and inclusion and employee well-being u Safety & Security Committee • oversees and consults with management on our customer, employee and aircraft operating safety, security and public health goals, performance and initiatives • reviews current and proposed safety and security-related programs, policies and compliance matters • reviews reports and matters that may have a material effect on our flight safety operations, security and public health matters u Finance Committee • oversees significant investments, including acquisition of new, more fuel-efficient aircraft and significant investments in new technologies. 
Our Board committees are regularly engaged with respect to ESG matters. For instance, in 2021, our Corporate Governance Committee received briefings on climate-related issues at three of its five meetings.
For additional information regarding our board governance practices, see our u2022 Proxy Statement.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
DELTA LEADERSHIP COMMITTEE. 
EXECUTIVE-LEVEL COUNCILS. 
CROSS-FUNCTIONAL WORKING GROUPS. 
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 12. 
Management-level Oversight and Implementation. 
The Delta Leadership Committee (DLC), under the oversight of the Board of Directors, manages the strategic direction of our business, including implementation of our ESG initiatives. The DLC is led by our Chief Executive Officer and includes, among other Delta leaders, our President, Chief People Officer, Chief of Operations, Chief Health Officer, Chief Information Officer and Chief Legal Officer. Earlier this year, Delta hired Pam Fletcher as our Senior Vice President and Chief Sustainability Officer; she reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and is also a member of the DLC. The DLC receives regular briefings on various ESG matters and engages frequently with internal subject matter experts on these topics.
We have also established numerous executivelevel councils spearheaded by DLC members or other executives who report directly to the DLC, which meet regularly to drive these efforts in coordination with cross-functional working groups across the company.
For instance, in 2021, the DLC and both the ESG Council and the Risk Council were briefed on climate-related matters, including risks, as we worked to develop our climate strategy.
u Risk Council Purpose: Oversee all areas of the company’s business risk, including the following: monitoring risk tolerance levels; defining organizational responsibilities for risk management; identifying significant risks to Delta; and risk mitigation and management strategies based on Delta’s risk tolerance levels as well as monitoring the business to determine that risk mitigation activities are in place and operating. 
Representative Membership: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Health Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer, Senior Vice President – Corporate Safety and Security, Controller, Senior Vice President – Revenue Management and Pricing, Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Compliance Officer and the head of Corporate Audit & ERM u ESG Council Purpose: Oversee the ESG goal-setting process and implementation of key environmental sustainability and social initiatives across our business; oversee strategy for external communications and reporting of ESG matters. 
Representative Membership: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer, Chief People Officer, Chief Health Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, Senior Vice President – Government Affairs, Vice President and Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, Vice President – Sustainability, and Vice President – Investor Relations u Safety OPERATIONAL SAFETY COMMITTEE. 
Purpose: Oversee Delta’s operational safety strategy, plans and performance to ensure safe flying and group operations associated with operational risks across our network, in partnership with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
Representative Membership: Senior Vice President – Corporate Safety, Security and Compliance, Chief of Operations, Vice President – Chief Compliance Officer, Senior Vice President – Airport Customer Service and Cargo, Senior Vice President – Inflight Services, Senior Vice President – Technical Operations, Senior Vice President – Reservations, and Vice President – Human Resources. 
PERSONAL SAFETY STEERING COMMITTEE. 
Purpose: Oversee Delta’s personal safety strategy, plans and performance to ensure a safe work environment for employees and to manage risks associated with employee and customer illnesses or injuries across our network. 
Representative Membership: Senior Vice President – Corporate Safety, Security and Compliance, Chief of Operations, Vice President – Chief Compliance Officer, Senior Vice President – Airport Customer Service and Cargo, Senior Vice President – Inflight Services, Senior Vice President – Technical Operations, Senior Vice President – Reservations, and Vice President – Human Resources u People and Well-being DEI COUNCIL. 
Purpose: Oversee Delta's diversity and inclusion priorities to ensure they are relevant and embedded throughout the organization, in collaboration with the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Office; evaluate corporate and divisional metrics, programs and proposals that align with our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy. 
Representative Membership: Chief People Officer, Chief Customer Experience Officer, Chief of Operations, Senior Vice President – Talent Management and Organizational Effectiveness, Senior Vice President – Airport Customer Service and Cargo, Senior Vice President – Reservation, Sales and Customer Care, Senior Vice President – Customer Experience Design, Senior Vice President – Customer Engagement and Loyalty, Vice President and Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, Vice President - Sales Operations and Development, Vice President – Chief Litigation and Employment Counsel and other leaders from across Delta. 
WELLBEING COUNCIL. 
Purpose: Oversee well-being strategy and implementation of related initiatives across Delta’s divisions. 
Representative Membership: Chief People Officer, Chief Health Officer, and divisional leaders from across Delta u Environmental Sustainability CARBON COUNCIL. 
Purpose: Oversee development and implementation of operational trajectory to advance fuel efficiency and climate goals. 
Representative Membership: Chief of Operations, Chief Sustainability Officer, Senior Vice President – Airport Customer Service and Cargo, Senior Vice President – Technical Operations, Senior Vice President – Fleet, Vice President – Flight Operations, Vice President – OCC, Vice President – Onboard Service Operations, and Senior Vice President – Delta Connection


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 13. 
Political Activity and. 
Policy Engagement. 
Delta is committed to being a positive voice on public policy issues that not only impact the airline industry but also impact our customers, our people and the communities we serve. Management of our overarching advocacy and regulatory compliance activities is the responsibility of our Chief Legal Officer in conjunction with our Senior Vice President, Government Affairs, and our Vice President, State and Local Government Affairs. The DLC is regularly briefed on our policy priorities and activities, and our Corporate Governance Committee also receives formal reports on our political activities.
We care about a wide range of issues including fair trade, competition policy, safety and security, workforce development as well as energy and the environment, inclusive of climate change policy.
We actively lobby, directly and indirectly, to influence the development of international, federal, state and local public policies. We issue a Political Contributions and Activity Report annually and, in response to shareholder approval of the proposal requesting a climate lobbying report at our 2021 annual meeting, the Board of Directors directed the preparation of our Climate Lobbying Report, which provides an overview of Delta’s climate goals, our climate policy principles and recent direct and indirect climate lobbying activities.
To learn more, see our 2021 Political Contributions and Activity Report and our Climate Lobbying Report.
Business Ethics. 
We have established three statements of guiding principles that outline Delta’s values and culture to highlight employee expectations as well as provide a framework for how we conduct business with our partners.
All Delta employees must read, understand and follow Delta’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as well as report violations or suspected violations, which allows Delta to address issues as they arise.
Employees are encouraged to report suspected violations to their supervisor or other manager; their HR representative or the Law Department; or by filing a report through the Delta Safety, Ethics and Compliance HelpLine either online or calling tollfree 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Reports to the Helpline are answered discreetly and confidentially by an independent company that helps us receive and respond to reported concerns. If appropriate, Delta will conduct an investigation and implement corrective action. Delta does not tolerate retaliation of any kind for raising concerns or making a report in good faith about a safety, ethics or compliance issue. Delta will take appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination, against individuals who retaliate.
GUIDING PRINCIPLES u We utilize the u Rules of the. 
Road as a foundation to outline our core values, principles and expectations of modeling leadership at every level of the company.
u For employees to outline our basic expectations of each other we have uThe Way We Fly.
u Delta’s uCode of Ethics and Business Conduct is a nonnegotiable policy critical to protecting Delta’s values, culture and reputation. It also defines how we conduct business around the world to help our business partners understand our values.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 14. 
Information Security. 
The goal of our data protection and privacy practices is to collect and process only the personal data that is necessary. Delta has established physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect this information.
These safeguards are regularly reviewed to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure and improper use of customer information and to maintain the accuracy and integrity of that data. In the event of policy changes or a data breach, we aim to communicate with customers in a timely manner and assist those who may have been impacted by an incident in addition to deploying our cybersecurity corporate business continuity plan, which is tested regularly to ensure its effectiveness.
At the Board level, the Audit Committee reviews cybersecurity risks and the security and operations of our information technology systems. All U.S. air carriers are subject to laws regarding the privacy of customer and employee data that vary between the countries in which we operate. We continue to update our processes to adhere to domestic and international privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
In an effort to maintain strict data security, Delta follows the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, which emphasizes identification, protection, detection, response and recovery. All Delta employees are expected to adhere to information security and privacy policies as they handle corporate and customer information in their daily jobs.
Delta regularly assesses its information security program capabilities and tools to improve reliability, enhance capabilities and scan our environment for vulnerabilities and weaknesses.
Our Information Security team is trained to remediate vulnerabilities identified within established timeframes and report to management on a weekly basis regarding the security risk posture of our information technology assets. Enterprise-wide training is a key component to reducing risk and promoting a secure brand that is serious about protecting customers, employees and company information. All employees and contractors with access to Delta’s information are required to complete annual training, which is updated as new technology, security and privacy issues emerge.
Our Information Security Awareness program includes an expert speaker series along with awareness and engagement events. The team also participates in National Cybersecurity Awareness Month in October and Data Privacy Day in January.
Awareness campaigns throughout the year focus on hot topics such as phishing, anti-tampering, data classification, password protection and ensuring a secure workspace. We have established a dedicated Information Technology (IT) Risk team tasked with the goal of ensuring that risk remediation activities are carried out consistently and that risk remediation controls are operating as intended and within established thresholds.


SAFETY


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 16 16. 
Safety is our number one priority. Providing a safe, secure operation is our fundamental commitment to our customers, our colleagues and the communities we are privileged to serve. It is part of our culture and a core value that links our global workforce with our customers. Delta is committed to providing safe and clean transport for customers and a safe workplace for employees.
Safety. 
Safety Management System. 
Delta maintains an FAA-approved safety management system (SMS) to monitor, identify and address occupational and operational safety issues. The SMS is a comprehensive, process-oriented approach to managing safety through a framework that includes an organization-wide safety policy; formal methods for proactively identifying, assessing and controlling risks; systems for monitoring safety performance; and promotion of a safety culture.
Flight Safety. 
We have positioned Delta as a leader in flight safety standards through actions taken within Delta and through engagement with leadership across numerous industrywide safety organizations, programs and initiatives that promote awareness and implementation of flight safety standards. Operating a safe and reliable airline is foundational to our success.
We are proud to have safely transported more than 135 million customers in 2021, and due in significant part to the reliability demonstrated daily through the unwavering commitment of our flight attendants, pilots and ground agents, we have been named the Top U.S. Airline of 2021 by the Wall Street Journal in its annual airline scorecard rankings.
ADVOCATING FOR SAFETY AMIDST GROWING IN-FLIGHT MISCONDUCT. 
As the pandemic persisted through 2021, the airline industry continued to experience an unprecedented increase in unruly passengers, growing nearly 100% since 2019, threatening the safety of airline crews and other passengers. As demand for travel increases, it is critical for Delta and the broader airline industry to have all the tools available to mitigate in-flight misconduct and maintain safe flight experiences for our customers.
We are doing our part to find industry-wide solutions, including maintaining our own no-fly list and encouraging other airlines to share theirs. In addition, Delta CEO Ed Bastian has called for a national, comprehensive no-fly list of unruly passengers to ban individuals convicted of onboard offenses from flying. Delta supports the recently introduced bipartisan legislation, that if passed, would create and manage a program that, among other things, bars passengers who are fined for onboard security violations or convicted of onboard assaults.
Delta has also expanded de-escalation and self-defense training for flight attendants and other frontline employees and partnered with law enforcement to increase security at dozens of airports to better protect our passengers and crew.
Safety programs in which Delta serves as an active participant, leader or member: u FAA’s Aviation Safety Information. 
Analysis and Sharing (ASIAS) system u Flight Safety Foundation u Commercial Aviation Safety Team (CAST) u National Safety Council (NSC) u International Society of Air Safety Investigators (ISASI) u Aviation Safety Action Program (ASAP) – Confidential Employee Safety Reporting u Flight Operational Quality Assurance (FOQA) Program – Flight Data Monitoring


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 17. 
PRIORITIZING SAFETY DURING 5G ROLLOUT. 
Delta is playing an active role in resolving safety issues raised by the deployment of 5G broadband service across the U.S., which began in early 2022. Some 5G services use spectrum immediately adjacent to that used by aircraft altimeters, creating the potential for interference with a critical aircraft navigational aid. Delta has joined other airlines in working with FAA and other stakeholders to effectively prevent substantial operational impacts around airports.
Safety through Global Cleanliness. 
Throughout 2021, Delta remained focused on ensuring the health and well-being of both passengers and crew and continued to deliver a best-in-class experience through the Delta CareStandardSM.
u Delta expanded the Delta CareStandardSM by utilizing science-backed cleaning technologies and protocols and created a dedicated team of Clean Ambassadors who help to ensure that cleaning procedures are performed on a consistent basis by Delta team members, cabin service cleaners and our janitorial partners.
u Delta earned the Lysol® Pro Solutions certification, which validates that Delta’s protocols for disinfecting surfaces have been thoroughly reviewed and approved by trusted experts at Lysol® Pro Solutions.
u Delta continues to focus on air quality onboard by continually filtering and refreshing cabin air.
All mainline fleet types (with the exception of our B717s, which use 100% fresh outside air) use HEPA filters to extract more than 99% of fine particles that can carry airborne viruses, including COVID-19, and have proven performance similar to that of hospital room filtration. The filters are changed twice as often, and the air is circulated in the cabin every 2-6 minutes and is mixed with fresh outside air. While boarding and deplaning, MERV14 filters are used in the air filtration systems for many Delta jet bridges, which can reduce air particles by up to 40 percent.
Even as customer volumes rapidly rose through the year, we continued to perform above pre-COVID levels achieving an average domestic Net Promoter. 
Score of 57.3, an increase of 9.5 points over 2019.
Delta is transitioning to a fully Wi-Fi enabled fleet that collects data in real-time. This transition will allow Delta to obtain data from the aircraft and put it into the pilots’ hands more quickly, empowering them to make better informed decisions for the safety of customers and crew.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 18. 
SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
Delta provides a suite of safety trainings that include compliance requirements as well as tailored information relevant to an employee’s role, several of which were enhanced in 2021: u Just Culture—one of our long-established safety initiatives—has remained at the forefront to emphasize its importance for new employees within Delta. Just Culture is a mindset that focuses on learning from good faith mistakes rather than punishment or blaming. Just Culture uses collaboration, observations and conversations, such as peer-to-peer or manager-to-employee, to investigate safety incidents and to prevent them in the future, teaching by showing rather than by telling.
The Ground Safety Advocate (GSA) program was launched, which brings to life the Just Culture concept, by assisting new employees in practicing their peer-to-peer communication skills about safety concerns in order to promote best safety practices.
u L365 Leading Safety—a unified, cross-divisional learning program for safety leaders—was launched as an opportunity to enhance leadership skills and hear advice and lessons learned from other leaders across the company.
u A back to-basics course in Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requirements and injury case management was introduced in 2021 to better position frontline leadership personnel to conduct more accurate, timely and complete injury investigations.
u To supplement training and embed a culture of safety, the importance of safety is also communicated through weekly videos, internal posts, town halls, daily interactions with leaders and within workspaces.
To evaluate the implementation and success of these initiatives and programs, quality assurance audits and employee interviews are performed at domestic and international airports. Audits and interviews focus on areas where incidents tend to occur, such as Ground Operations, Cargo, De-Icing and Fueling. The audit findings are shared with leaders to proactively identify opportunity areas and best practices.
Employee Safety. 
Our commitment to safety is also demonstrated by our consistent reinforcement to frontline employees that they are empowered to slow down or stop any operation if they feel it is necessary to do so to maintain a safe work environment for our employees and a safe travel experience for our customers. We operate several cross-divisional and division-specific employee safety programs that help to achieve our safety objectives, from preventing serious injuries to proactively approaching and encouraging safety dialogue across the company.
In 2021, Delta hired a record number of new full-time employees, approximately 11,000, to support the rising demand for travel following the first year of the pandemic. To successfully integrate this significant influx of new employees, investments were made to adapt and improve our many safety programs, leveraging the maturity of our risk-based SMS to account for a changing workforce and processes shaped by the pandemic.
3.83*
Total Recordable. 
Injury Rate 3.46**
Days Away, Restricted or Transferred Rate 0. 
Fatalities 2021 Safety at a Glance *TRIR, the number of recordable incidents per 100 workers in our airline operation over one year, excluding work-related COVID-19 cases, declined over the 2019 rate (4.07) but increased over the 2020 rate (2.19) due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on 2020 flight volumes. **DART, the number of recordable incidents with lost time or restrictions per 100 workers in our airline operation over one year, excluding work-related COVID-19 cases, increased from the 2020 rate (1.83) and the 2019 rate (2.96).


PEOPLE AND WELL-BEING


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 20. 
People and Well-being. 
Our people are our strongest competitive advantage, and the high-quality service they provide sets us apart.
We put our people first and seek to foster a sense of belonging at Delta, investing heavily in our employees’ well-being, and actively seeking diversity, boldly pursuing equity and consciously promoting inclusion.
Human Capital Management. 
The Delta Difference is our people and our shared commitment to living our values—Honesty, Integrity, Respect, Perseverance and Servant Leadership—every day, in everything we do.
Our principal human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop people who understand and are committed to delivering the Delta Difference that is core to our brand. To support these objectives, we have put in place programs that seek to: u Reward our people through highly competitive total compensation and benefit programs designed to share our success, promote teamwork and foster our people’s physical, emotional, social and financial well-being.
u Drive employees’ professional and community engagement.
u Prepare our employees for key roles and future leadership positions through a variety of training and development programs.
u Enhance our culture through efforts aimed at making our workplace more engaging, equitable and inclusive.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 21. 
One of the ways we measure employee engagement is through company-wide employee surveys.
In 2021, Delta conducted three pulse check-in surveys. More than 34,000. 
Delta employees responded to the surveys during 2021.
The average overall response rate for 2021 was 45% women and 55% men, with an average engagement score of 80, which is eight points higher than the U.S. industry benchmark.
Of the total number of participants, 78% of employees gave Delta a positive engagement rating.
Delta measures engagement as being happy working at Delta, being proud to tell others you work at Delta and being willing to recommend Delta to family and friends.
“Delta’s approach starts with investing in our employees. From them the Delta Difference flows to our customers, shareholders and back into our business. We call this the ‘virtuous circle’ that powers our success.” – Ed Bastian, Chief Executive Officer. 
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT. 
We believe that listening, engaging and connecting with employees furthers our human capital management objectives. We have historically done so primarily through our open-door policy, digital communication across all levels of the company, in-person events with senior management and company-wide and division-specific surveys to evaluate employee satisfaction.
Since the onset of the pandemic, senior management has participated in regular company-wide town hall discussions with our employees, and our senior executive leadership team has regularly shared memos with all employees regarding our ongoing commitment to our people and our culture.
In addition, Delta ensures that executive leaders and the Board of Directors hear employee voices through the engagement of the Delta Board Council, which is made up of employee representatives from every major noncontract operating division and is designed to represent employee feedback, interests and perspectives.
78% of employees gave. 
Delta a positive rating


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 22. 
Employee Health and Well-being. 
Over the past two years, Delta has concentrated on enhancing employee well-being programs. To accomplish this task, Delta created the Global Health and Wellbeing (GHW) Division, a first in the airline industry, led by Dr. Henry Ting, a physician and former Mayo Clinic executive, as the industry’s first Chief Health Officer.
The goal of the GHW Division is to enhance the health and well-being of Delta people, creating more joy for our people, customers, communities and partners, and to be a force for good for our environment and society.
The GHW Division collaborates with other divisions throughout Delta to deliver programs that provide a holistic approach to overall well-being through four pillars: physical, emotional, social and financial.
Recent Developments. 
In support of this mission, Delta offers many health and well-being resources at no cost to employees, such as Onduo for diabetes management, Resources for Living, and Ginger, a mental and emotional wellness app. In addition, Delta provides access to voluntary, incentive-based reward programs around health and well-being.
In 2021 Delta enhanced our health care offerings, introducing a co-pay plan with lower deductibles and fixed costs in support of Delta’s diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. This new co-pay plan is designed to allow employees to better understand care and predict costs.
In 2022, we began measuring employee total well-being through the Flourishing Index to guide equitable, effective enhancements to programs.
DELTA WELLBEING PILLARS AND ASPIRATIONS. 
PHYSICAL bodily health u Reduce health disparities u Improve health outcome through better care, better experience and lower costs. 
EMOTIONAL mental health and resilience u Improve emotional health through coping behaviors and accessible high value care. 
SOCIAL a sense of belonging and social equity u Create a sense of belonging u Increase equity of participation in health and well-being programs. 
FINANCIAL ability to provide for immediate needs as well as future needs (retirement) u Enable Delta people to be financially secure and confident about building towards financial freedom. 
GLOBAL HEALTH. 
AND WELLBEING MISSION. 
We’re with you on the journey of your lifetime.
“Investing in the total well-being of our people is a win-win. Our employees are better supported and able to thrive—benefitting themselves, their loved ones and their communities. Our customers enjoy exceptional experiences and service. All of this builds greater affinity for the Delta brand.“ – Dr. Henry Ting, Chief Health Officer


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 23. 
PROVIDING ACCESS TO COVID-19 VACCINES. 
Early in 2021 as vaccinations became available, Delta prioritized vaccine access and education. Delta has provided free, accessible and plentiful health and safety resources for our employees throughout the pandemic.
During the pandemic, Delta provided one million free COVID-19 tests, provided paid time away from work for employees exposed to COVID-19, hosted vaccine clinics for Delta employees and members of the community, and provided vaccination incentives. Delta also required vaccination for all new employees starting in May 2021.
By the end of 2021, Delta had a 95% domestic employee vaccination rate, including those with approved/pending exemptions.

Delta ranks No. 4 overall for the 2021 Healthiest 100 Workplaces in America by the health analytics platform Springbuk.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 24. 
TRAINING. 
An important way we seek to retain the brightest talent is by providing opportunities to grow within Delta. This objective became even more important in 2021 as we hired a record number of full-time employees and had an overall attrition rate of only 5.5%.*
We continue to modernize our human resources tools and technology in order to streamline and enhance platforms that improve the employee experience. We offer career and skills training to our employees, with employees across the company participating in these programs.
The table to the right illustrates the average computer-based training hours logged by employee per division by merit and scale in 2021. These numbers are not inclusive of hours from in-person or hands-on qualification training/testing, simulator time, etc.
Talent Management. 
Average hours of computer-based training provided per employee. 
ACS CGO FOP IFS RES TOP CORP. 
Merit** 16 18 6 6 56 25 4. 
Scale*** 8 18 11 19 102 47 5. 
Flight Attendants 5. 
Pilots 22 • Invest in programs and tools designed to inject Skills First philosophy across the organization • Increase the diversity of Delta’s talent pipeline by providing greater equity and transparency regarding skills and competencies needed to successfully close the opportunity gap for career development and advancement into middle- skilled jobs • Launch a Delta Apprenticeship Program to identify qualified diverse frontline talent, improve retention and appeal to employees’ desire to learn and grow, which contributes to employee satisfaction • Coordinate a focus on enrichment and development that will help prepare frontline talent for opportunities and promote the value of upskilling in current areas or reskilling to jobs desired in a new area *Attrition rate includes domestic and international employees of Delta Air Lines, excluding seasonal employees and those who worked less than two days. **Merit contributors are paid a salary based on benchmark data from their peers at Delta and across multiple industries, and are evaluated on categories spanning skill and experience to innovation and leadership. ***Scale employees are paid an hourly wage while also receiving competitive pay offerings and flexible benefits driven by performance, and include pilots, flight attendants, maintenance technicians, customer service and reservation agents, baggage handlers and more.
Skills First is an emerging talent model that emphasizes the value of skills and competencies over job histories and traditional degrees. The frontline mobility strategy will aim to fill at least 25% of our internal professional level positions with diverse frontline talent using the following approaches: u Skills First Hiring – hire internal and external talent based on skills, experiences and capabilities u Skills First Development – train and develop internal, frontline talent for middle-skilled merit jobs through targeted growth paths, apprenticeships and mentoring iGrow, our online learning portal, is the centralized portal for learning resources accessible to all Delta employees globally.
Delivered in partnership with core content providers, including Harvard Business Publishing, iGrow offers curated, self-paced growth paths, which allow Delta people to follow a guided learning journey based on their career track and to focus their development on specific skills and competencies aligned to their performance goals.
Our frontline mobility strategy uses a Skills First philosophy in hiring and development to close the opportunity gap and increase the transparency and access to career advancement.
Our Action Plan for integrating the Skills First talent model: (ACS) Airport Customer Service | (CGO) Cargo | (FOP) Flight Operations (IFS) Inflight Services | (RES) Reservations | (TOP) Technical Operations | (CORP) Corporate


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 25. 
Delta’s Comprehensive Total Rewards Package. 
At Delta, our people are our success. Attracting and retaining the best people while making sure they know they are valued is critical to our business strategy. In addition to training, we seek to do this by offering a comprehensive total rewards package as a part of our overall employee value proposition. At the heart of what we offer is our focus on sharing success with Delta people.
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS. 
At Delta, we are in the business of connecting the world. As a global company that aspires to employ a workforce that is as diverse as the customers we serve, it is essential that our employees are paid equitably and based entirely on nondiscriminatory factors.
Our frontline employees are paid an hourly rate of pay that is based primarily on the length of service in their respective positions. For merit positions, Delta is committed to regularly reviewing employee compensation to maintain equitable pay for comparable duties, responsibilities, skill and experience. The Personnel & Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors reviews and approves compensation for the executive leadership roles as well as creates the evaluation criteria and compensation for the CEO.
COMPENSATION GOVERNANCE. 
Base Pay. 
Profit Sharing. 
Beyond. 
Compensation. 
Shared Rewards. 
Our frontline employees are paid highly competitive hourly pay rates that are based on fixed pay scales by role and, our goal is to pay rates that are greater than the average of the industry on an ongoing basis.
Base pay for our merit employees is influenced by a mix of three elements - individual performance, market competitiveness and internal equity.
Effective May 1, 2022, we will recognize and honor the incredible work and commitment of the Delta people with a 4% across-the-board pay increase to employees below the Officer level.
Special Profit Sharing for 2021: With our return to profitability in the second half of 2021, we were excited to recognize Delta people globally with a special profit sharing payment of $1,250 on February 14, 2022.
Shared Rewards payout: Eligible employees received a payout of $850 in 2021 as a result of meeting corporate-wide operational goals related to baggage handling, completion factor, on-time arrivals and domestic Net Promoter Score.
Delta offers comprehensive benefit programs beyond compensation that range from healthcare to retirement planning to other perks and discounts. More details about our health and well-being programs can be found in the Health and Well-being section of this report.
401K: For our primary plan that includes most domestic employees, Delta makes an automatic contribution equal to 3% of eligible earnings. In addition, Delta matches 100% of up to 6% of eligible earnings contributed to the plan by the employee, resulting in a total contribution of 15% when employees contribute 6%.
Maternity leave: Delta provides six to eight weeks of 100% employer-paid maternity leave for all U.S.-based expectant mothers in ground and flight attendant positions. All parental guardians may take a 30-day unpaid bonding leave following the birth, adoption, guardianship or fostering of a child once paid maternity leave (if applicable) and/or other Family Medical Leave Act benefits have been exhausted.
Delta respects all employees’ legal rights, including the right to collective bargaining. This includes the right to decide whether to be represented by a union or to choose to remain union-free. Our U.S.-based employees are covered by the Railway Labor Act (RLA), the federal law governing labor relations between air carriers and their employees. Under the RLA, employees have the right to decide whether they wish to be represented by a union or to reject union representation.
As of December 31, 2021, 20% of our approximately 83,000 fulltime equivalent employees were represented by unions. This included approximately 13,180 Delta pilots and 380 dispatchers, as well as approximately 1,900 pilots and 1,480 flight attendants at Endeavor Air, our wholly-owned subsidiary. Certain employees outside the U.S. are also represented by unions, work councils or other local representative groups.
COLLECTIVE BARGAINING


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 26. 
Delta is committed to actively seeking diversity, boldly pursuing equity, consciously promoting inclusion and fostering a sense of belonging among employees.
In 2021, we strengthened our commitment to being an anti-racist, anti-discrimination organization and have transparently shared our results through equity action plans. As part of our commitment to transparency, and based on feedback from internal and external stakeholders, we have begun publishing on our website our latest EEO-1 Report as submitted to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. 
DELTA’S ‘CLOSE THE GAP’ STRATEGY. 
As part of our Close the Gap strategy, Delta is focused on measuring tangible progress that drives meaningful results—not just percentages. Delta’s Close the Gap strategy translates our human capital commitments and goals into action for diversity, equity and inclusion.
Our focus is on the three areas where the gaps between frontline/scale representation and leadership are the largest: women, Black talent and other underrepresented racial and ethnic groups. We intend to direct our efforts in other diversity areas as well, though we have found that these three are the most underrepresented and contain the largest gaps.
*Reflects diversity characteristics of our active, domestic employees, expats, employees in U.S. territories and employees on Voluntary Unpaid Leave of Absence as of December 31, 2021. **As of 12/31/2021 based on self-identification.
2021 CLOSE THE GAP** 8.7% 6.1%
WOMEN BLACK 
33.6% 29.3% 17.9% 25.7% 21.5% 41.3% 41.9% 22.7% 22.0% 15.2%
FRONTLINE/SCALE. 
EMPLOYEES. 
OTHER MERIT/
MANAGER. 
GENERAL MANAGER,
DIRECTOR, MANAGING. 
DIRECTOR. 
VICE PRESIDENT. 
AND ABOVE. 
OTHER UNDERREPRESENTED RACIAL AND ETHNIC GROUPS. 
WORKFORCE DIVERSITY*
Gender 41% 59%
Men Women. 
VETERANS 11.4 %
Hispanic. 
Black. 
Asian. 
White Two or More. 
Other. 
Race 53% 25% 11% 7% 2%, Other 2%, Two or More. 
Age 18% 41% 36% 4%,
Gen Z. 
Age. 
Baby Boomers 1946-1964. 
Gen X 1965-1980. 
Gen Y 1981-1996. 
Gen Z 1997-2012


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 27 (Continued on next page)
DELTA’S COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY. 
Engaged historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) in our recruitment efforts through the development of partnerships with organizations like United Negro College Fund 94% non-executive positions filled by external hires in 2021 did not require a college degree. 
Rebuild Delta to Reflect the World We Serve GOAL. 
Black external candidates now represent 33% of our new hires for. 
General Manager, Director and. 
Managing Director roles, up from 20% in 2020. 
Although Black officer representation remains below 2020 levels, the percentage of officers from underrepresented racial and ethnic groups has increased over 2020. 
Time period for metrics is August through July.
10% 12% 16% 2020 2021 2022. 
Reimagine Our Talent Strategy GOAL. 
Increase the number of qualified candidates who are part of underrepresented racial and ethnic groups. 
The percentage of diverse hires should mirror the diversity of the qualified candidate pool. 
Closing diversity gaps in senior leadership positions by increasing the representation of women, Black and other underrepresented racial and ethnic groups in those roles, including doubling the number of Black officers and director-level employees by 2025 as compared to 2020. 
Converted part-time reserve employees, 70% of whom belong to underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, to full-time employees by sunsetting the Ready Reserve Program to provide more equitable access to health care benefits. 
Introduced a new health care plan option designed to increase predictability and lower unplanned, out-of-pocket expenses—promoting health equity. 
Boldly Pursue Equity GOAL. 
Ongoing internal and public engagement in issues that promote justice, equality and equity


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 28 "We build accountability through transparency in an effort to ensure our actions don't simply reflect activity, but real progress." – Keyra Lynn Johnson, Delta Vice President and Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer. 
DELTA’S COMMITMENT TO RACIAL EQUITY (Continued)
Participated in the International Air Transport Association’s (IATA) 25by2025initiative as the global airline alliance advocates for greater gender diversity in the industry.
This voluntary initiative launched in 2019 to increase the number of women in senior positions and underrepresented areas by 25% or up to a minimum of 25% by 2025.
Delta’s employee resource group, EQUAL, consistently works to promote equity for the LGBTQ+ population.
In 2021, the group helped introduce the display of preferred pronouns on internal employee profiles and amplified the LGBTQ+ Institute Southern survey among Delta employees to increase the amount of research gathered on LGBTQ+ Southerners and to highlight issues and determine state and local needs for the LGBTQ+ community.
PROMOTING EQUITY ADVOCATING FOR EQUALITY 62,000+ employees completed at least one of four DEI trainings. 
Launched our enhanced inclusion training experience, which explores conscious and unconscious bias, learning how these biases impact behaviors and understanding the way our actions impact others:
Nearly 30% of our officers participated in a two-day Racial Equity Leadership Workshop led by the Groundwater Institute in 2021 with the remaining officers slated to participate by the end of 2022. 
Step Up. 
Inclusion Training GOAL. 
At least one of four enhanced inclusion training courses completed by all employees by 2022 • OneTen • Operation Hope’s One Million Black. 
Business and Entrepreneur Initiative • 100 Black Men of America • Flikshop • Goalsetter • Next Gen Men & Women • The National Center for Civil and. 
Human Rights • NAACP • UNCF • Emerging 100 • Atlanta Global Research & Education. 
Collaborative (AGREC)
We have forged and expanded partnerships with equity-focused partners including:
Create More. 
Equitable Opportunities GOAL. 
Introduction of new equity-focused component of community engagement activities. 
Allocate annual charitable contributions and giving toward equity-focused organizations/ initiatives


RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 30. 
Our values are at the core of everything we do, and that includes our global supply chain. At Delta, we realize the opportunity to leverage our brand’s trust to drive good vendor practices, touching every aspect of our business.
We understand the importance of prioritizing the integrity of our supply chain, and our Supply. 
Chain Management organization aims to advance these objectives.
Responsible Supply Chain. 
Seeking Diversity Within Our Suppliers. 
For more than 20 years, Delta has been committed to creating a world-class, inclusive supply chain that reflects the diversity of our global customer base. The foundation of Supplier Diversity & Inclusion is partnerships with advocacy organizations. Delta builds relationships with high-quality small businesses or enterprises owned by women, veterans, people who are LGBTQ+, have disabilities, or are part of underrepresented racial and ethnic groups.
In 2021, Delta trained 100 women of color entrepreneurs on creating and executing a successful strategic plan for Women’s Business Enterprise National Council’s Women of Color program and mentored Slater Infrastructure Group, a certified minority Black woman-owned business enterprise, as a part of the National Minority Supplier Development Council’s Center of Excellence Program.
Delta is a corporate member of six leading supplier diversity organizations that certify small and diverse-owned businesses nationally and around the world: National Minority Supplier Development Council, Women’s Business Enterprise National Council, National Veteran Business Development Council, National LGBT Chamber of Commerce, Disability:IN, and WEConnect International.
GOAL u Spent nearly $315M with Black-owned businesses in 2021* u Established a partnership with Du Nord Social Spirits, the first U.S. Blackowned distillery, to bring its craft vodka onboard all domestic flights beginning October 2021, with more to come in 2022. 
Double spend with Black-owned businesses by 2025 to $690M from a 2020 baseline of $345M. 
We also partner with the U.S. Small Business Administration to help ensure that small business enterprises have an equitable opportunity to participate in our requests for proposal. We work with these partners to deliver value throughout our supply chain and enable Delta to create an exceptional experience for our customers.
GOAL *Our 2021, Black-owned business spend was lower compared to 2020 due to strategic realignment within our supply base. We remain committed to increasing spend with Black-owned businesses and are still on track to achieve our 2025 goal.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 31. 
Expanding ESG Standards for Suppliers. 
Delta's focus on creating a world-class supply chain includes sustainable sourcing and furthers a significant long-term commitment to ethical and responsible procurement practices.
To help assess ESG matters in our supply chain, Delta is now using EcoVadis, a sustainability ratings platform for global supply chains. Delta plans to work collaboratively with key suppliers to complete the EcoVadis assessment, obtain results with clear and actionable scorecards and develop corrective action plans, track performance and monitor improvements across environment, labor and human rights, ethics and sustainable procurement criteria. As of March 2022, 100% of Delta Supply Chain Category Managers have been trained to onboard suppliers into the EcoVadis platform.
In addition to bringing in third-party programs such as EcoVadis, we are integrating sustainability standards in supplier touchpoints including the Supplier Code of Conduct, our RFP process and our contract templates. These touchpoints are intended to strengthen and clarify expectations on labor and human rights, worker health and safety and treatment of the environment and natural resources.
u Complete the EcoVadis assessment with at least half of our Top 200 suppliers by the end of 2022. 
GOAL. 
Delta partners with Someone Somewhere to provide hand-woven amenity kits from over 250 Mexican artisans. In 2021 we worked to improve the environmental impact of our kits by eliminating five single-use plastic components such as zippers and packaging.


CLIMATE AND THE ENVIRONMENT


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 33. 
During 2021, we announced our intention to set new and ambitious medium- and long-term climate goals aligned with the applicable framework of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the science underpinning the Paris Agreement. We have submitted both goals to SBTi for validation, but we are unable to predict the outcome of that process and when it will be completed. Pending approval of these goals, we are tracking improvements in fuel efficiency. Once our targets are validated, we will begin reporting emissions intensity.
In this section, we provide a high-level overview of these science-based targets and the key elements of our anticipated decarbonization pathway before describing progress toward our existing goals and evaluating climate risks and opportunities based on our climate scenario analysis.
Net Zero by 2050. 
Our long-term goal is net zero by no later than 2050, and we have announced our intention to set a net zero GHG emission goal covering our airline operations and value chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3), in alignment with the United Nations Race to Zero – Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign.
Improving Emissions Intensity in the Medium-Term. 
We have announced our intention to set a mediumterm, science-based target as a milestone on the path to achieving net zero. We aim to reduce life cycle jet fuel GHG emissions on a per revenue ton kilometer basis by 2035 compared to a 2019 baseline.
Our ability to achieve our ambitious climate goals is dependent on the actions of governments and third parties and will require, among other things, significant capital investment, including from third parties, research and development from manufacturers and other stakeholders, along with government policies and incentives to reduce the cost, and incent production, of SAF and other technologies that are not presently in existence or available at scale.
Delta has remained steadfast in our commitment to address climate change, and we are well-positioned to accelerate our decarbonization work going forward.
Climate and the Environment


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 34. 
In order to achieve net zero by 2050 and meaningful emissions intensity improvement by 2035, we will need to use all levers commercially and economically available to us now and in the future, including:
Fleet renewal. 
Expected to provide the largest impact on advancing our goals in near-term. 
SAF. 
Goal of 10% SAF by the end of 2030 with 5% achieving 85% lower life cycle GHG emissions than conventional jet fuel. 
Operational initiatives. 
New Carbon Council expected to drive continuous operational improvements in fuel efficiency. 
Offsets. 
Out-of-aviation sector solutions, such as removaloffsets, will likely play a role. 
OUR DECARBONIZATION PATHWAY. 
We are developing a decarbonization pathway to advance the climate goals described above.
The graphic models one potential pathway and the potential impacts to emissions intensity and absolute emissions through 2035.
This pathway is a proposal that is subject to numerous assumptions and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control.
As illustrated by this graphic, even with meaningful improvements in fuel efficiency, our absolute emissions are expected to grow for a period of time due to projected capacity growth in future years.
We would aim to achieve absolute emission reductions over the medium- to long-term as we move toward 2050 and more low-carbon technologies become commercially and economically available.
PATH TO REDUCE ABSOLUTE EMISSIONS. 
AND IMPROVE EMISSIONS INTENSITY. 
Emissions Intensity Improvement (million Metric. 
Fleet Renewal. 
Operational Improvements. 
SAF. 
Absolute Emissions (million Metric Tons CO2e)
Emissions trajectory if no action. 
Delta’s science-based targets, including our medium-term emissions intensity target for 2035, are pending validation from SBTi.
Includes Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3-Category 3 ‘19 // ‘21 ‘22 ‘23 ‘24 ‘25 ‘26 ‘27 ‘28 ‘29 ‘30 ‘31 ‘32 ‘33 ‘34 ’35. 
Emissions trajectory with robust action 70M 40M 30M 50M 60M 20M 70M 40M 30M 50M 60M 20M 21-24% 3-4% 16-22%


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 35. 
Our Decarbonization Pathway. 
We expect progress toward our climate goals to be driven by the following levers: Fleet renewal, sustainable aviation fuel, operational improvements, and, to a limited extent with respect to our net zero goal, removal offsets. Technological innovation with respect to each of these levers will be critical, as well as stakeholder engagement and coalition and policy development.
1. FLEET. 
Delta plans to continue our fleet renewal in support of our environmental sustainability efforts, and we expect fleet renewal to play a significant role in progressing our climate goals. In the short term, this means aiming for annual improvements in fleetwide fuel efficiency each year through 2035, which, if achieved, we expect would represent a meaningful reduction in fuel consumption rate over this period from 2019 to 2035. Following 2035, we envision availability of next-generation aircraft technology such as the deployment of novel airframe designs and advanced propulsion technologies that could continue to improve fuel efficiency.
2. SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL. 
SAF will play a key role in aviation’s decarbonization pathway but is currently not available at scale or at price parity with conventional jet fuel. For the aviation industry to achieve net zero by 2050, an exponential increase to 330-445 billion gallons of SAF by 2050 could be required, according to the Air Transport. 
Action Group (ATAG), an independent coalition that provides a platform for the commercial aviation sector to work together on long-term sustainability issues.
By 2030, Delta aims to procure more than 400 million gallons of SAF annually to meet our 10% goal, which is almost 40 times the total global SAF production in 2019.
In 2021, Delta joined the First Movers Coalition, a public-private partnership and platform designed to accelerate and scale the development of breakthrough technologies and fuels for hard-todecarbonize sectors.
Delta is establishing a goal to replace at least 5% of conventional jet fuel consumption with SAF that achieves at least an 85% reduction in life cycle GHG emissions relative to conventional jet fuel by 2030, pending availability and feasibility. Achieving these ambitious goals will require collaboration and action by numerous stakeholders.
For example, critical building blocks for scaling SAF include: u Government Incentives. Incentives that are performance-based, as well as feedstock- and technology-neutral, are required to help drive investment towards the development of SAF at a reasonable cost. For example, at the federal level, a ten-year, SAF-specific Blenders Tax Credit coupled with a dedicated grant program are some of the policy supports necessary to help catalyze the domestic market. Additionally, at the state level, incentives and programs such as California’s. 
Low Carbon Fuel Standard’s voluntary opt-in program for SAF need to be more widely adopted to economically bring SAF to other geographic locations. As international governments seek to drive investment in SAF, we caution that mandates without incentives will fail to ensure sufficient supply and reasonable pricing.
u SAF Accounting Framework. One of the benefits of SAF is that it can be delivered and stored as a “drop-in fuel” using existing pipelines and storage infrastructure. However, because it is co-mingled with conventional jet fuel, an effective book-andclaim framework will be necessary from a carbon accounting perspective.
Current feedstock and technologies can produce SAF with up to 80% lower life cycle emissions than conventional jet fuel, which can be blended with conventional jet fuel at up to 50%.
Over the long term, there needs to be a shift to next generation SAF such as power-to-liquid fuels and the ability to blend at more than 50%. Power-to-liquid SAF is a liquid hydrocarbon fuel synthetically produced using renewable energy, water and carbon dioxide.
Achieving these SAF goals will require working with manufacturers and fuel providers on regulatory approvals, in addition to significant investments in renewable electricity. These fuels, coupled with the use of direct air capture of carbon at the SAF production facility, have the potential to achieve life cycle emissions reductions beyond the 80% maximum estimated today.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 36. 
LIFE CYCLE EMISSIONS OF FUEL From Well-to-wake. 
Delta has reported “tank-to-wake” combustion emissions since 2005 as part of our greenhouse gas emissions inventory. Sustainable aviation fuel emissions are reported on a full life cycle “well-to-wake” basis in order to demonstrate the emissions reductions. In an effort to increase transparency, and in accordance with SBTi guidance, going forward our GHG emissions will include “well-to-wake” fuel emissions.
Life cycle emissions take into account the GHG emissions at every stage of the fuel’s life—from development and production to its ultimate use.
Life cycle emissions from SAF can currently be up to 80% lower than conventional jet fuel because production of the feedstock either absorbs carbon dioxide in the atmosphere or avoids generation of GHG emissions associated with the disposal and decomposition of the feedstock as a waste.
For plant-based feedstocks, the analysis also takes into account the potential GHG emissions increases from Indirect Land Use Changes (ILUC). These emissions can result from increased feedstock production due to increased fuel demand.
SAF. 
CONVENTIONAL JET FUEL. 
SAF is an alternative jet fuel that achieves lower life cycle emissions compared to conventional fuel using various feedstocks such as used cooking oil, cellulosic waste and municipal solid waste. SAF is produced through approved conversion processes, such as Fischer-Tropsch, HEFA (hydroprocessed esters and fatty acids) and co-processing.
u The International Civil Aviation. 
Organization (ICAO) has developed SAF sustainability requirements, including minimum emission reductions, land use and food security considerations among other factors. SAF must meet these requirements to be eligible for compliance with CORSIA.
u To certify the sustainability of SAF, ICAO has approved the International Sustainability and Carbon Certification (ISCC) and Roundtable of Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB).
u Delta requires that our SAF production partners verify the sustainability of their products to either the ISCC or RSB. We do not procure or accept SAF made from palm oil or PFAD.
What is Sustainable Aviation Fuel?
COMBUSTION IN AIRCRAFT. 
FUEL TRANSPORTATION. 
REFINING. 
OIL TRANSPORT. 
OIL WELL. 
COMBUSTION IN AIRCRAFT. 
FUEL TRANSPORTATION & BLENDING. 
BIOREFINING. 
FEEDSTOCK TRANSPORT. 
AGRICULTURE INDIRECT LAND USE CHANGE


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 37 4. OFFSETS. 
Although offsets will not be relevant to our medium-term, science-based target, removals and next generation offsets will likely be needed to meet our net zero goal.
For Delta to reach net zero, out-of-sector solutions will likely be a necessary complement to fleet, SAF, operational initiatives and other in-sector technology improvements, and there will be a need to transition from avoidance (preventing deforestation) and reduction (solar, wind) type projects to removal projects that are absorbing incremental and additional CO2 from the atmosphere. Nature-based solutions such as afforestation and reforestation or technology offsets such as direct air capture and carbon sequestration technologies will be necessary.
While our primary focus is on decarbonizing aviation and reaching net zero by 2050, Delta has also supported out-of-sector solutions for many years by purchasing carbon offsets.
To achieve global climate goals, deforestation needs to be halted by 2030. We allocated a portion of our offset portfolio for 2021 to support climate mitigation efforts that can impact emissions in the near-term, such as through the prevention of deforestation.
In 2021, we also joined the LEAF Coalition to mobilize public and private support around ending deforestation and the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets Advisory Board in an effort to drive more transparency in the offset market.
We expect much of the remaining investment in support of our goal to spend $1 billion through 2030 toward airline carbon neutrality to be focused on solutions other than offsets. However, CORSIA, which limits net international carbon emissions to 2019 levels, will require the use of out-ofsector offsets to address growth in emissions. Offsets that meet ICAO’s criteria will be used to achieve this obligation.
3. OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENTS. 
We are also working to execute on and track operational initiatives to reduce jet fuel consumption and improve emissions intensity. Delta’s Carbon Council is charged with managing fuel burn and driving reductions in fuel consumption through cross-divisional collaboration and aims to establish a trajectory of reductions in fuel consumption to progress toward our medium- and long-term sustainability goals.
To effectively drive further improvement in fuel efficiency, the Carbon Council is supported by strategic working groups consisting of a handful of business units each for focused collaboration on specific initiatives. Each working group can spearhead progress in its dedicated area while identifying opportunities and roadblocks to communicate to the executive leadership team.
The Carbon Council’s executive leadership team plans to meet regularly to guide decision making and drive continued progress on fuel reduction initiatives.
u Fixed Weight: Reducing the weight that is permanently installed on the plane. E.g., wireless seatback entertainment and carbon brakes.
u Variable Weight: Reducing the weight that is boarded on the plane. E.g., removal of Sky Magazine and reducing the weight of Unit Load Devices (e.g., cargo pallets).
u Flight Operations: Changes to routing and flight planning to reduce fuel burn. E.g., investments in flight planning software and collaboration with. 
Air Traffic Control regarding established Required Navigation Performance (EoR).
Additionally, Delta will continue to seek to collaborate with governments, airports and others on cross-industry initiatives.
One example of this ongoing collaboration is through the NextGen Advisory Committee, which provides independent advice and recommendations to the FAA related to air traffic management.
u Ground Operations: Investments in ground procedures to reduce fuel burn. E.g., investments in communications technologies and APU procedure compliance.
u Aerodynamic Modifications: Permanent modifications to aircraft to improve their aerodynamic performance. E.g., investments in split-scimitar winglets and blade-tip coating research with the U.S. Air Force.
CARBON COUNCIL INITIATIVES. 
Below are five Carbon Council initiatives to reduce fuel consumption, along with prior examples of their successful implementation:


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 38. 
Engaging Stakeholders, Building Coalitions and Driving Policy Development. 
Delta realizes that many factors surrounding our climate goals are outside our control and will require significant capital investment, government policies and incentives, dedicated research and development and the transformation of some of the world’s largest industries. Two critical components of the advancement and ultimate achievement of our climate goals are effective public policy engagement and stakeholder engagement across sectors within and outside the aviation industry to bring cost-effective solutions under all levers to scale.
Delta has joined coalitions and partnerships centered around guiding ambitions, a selection of which are described here. Other important initiatives, such as those being advanced through the NextGen Advisory Committee, are described elsewhere in this section.
u Accelerating the Development of. 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel Markets • Clean Skies for Tomorrow – This coalition works to provide a crucial global mechanism for top executives and public leaders, across and beyond the aviation value chain, to align on a transition to sustainable aviation fuels. Delta serves on the steering committee and is an active contributor to working groups.
• First Movers Coalition – Delta is a founding member of this public-private partnership and purchasing platform, facilitated by the Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry and the World Economic Forum, to accelerate and scale the development of breakthrough technologies and fuels through market forcing strategies, helping hard-to-abate sectors, like aviation, reduce GHG emissions.
u Technological Innovation in Fleet • Hydrogen Fuel with Airbus – Delta and Airbus are working together to advance collective knowledge in the industry on the opportunities and challenges associated with using hydrogen fuel to power planes. Delta brings to the partnership the collective expertise and wisdom from its industry leading teams: Flight Operations, Technical Operations, Airport Customer Service, Operations and Customer Center, and Fuel.
DELTA BELIEVES CLIMATE POLICY FOR THE AVIATION INDUSTRY SHOULD BE: “To pull the future of sustainable aviation forward, we need partnerships and coalitions in order to accelerate the development and commercialization of potentially disruptive technologies." – Pam Fletcher, Delta’s Chief Sustainability Officer u Reflective of the globalized nature of the industry: Delta supports coordinated national and international efforts, such as those of ICAO, to set standards and ensure international harmonization of efforts to regulate aviation carbon emissions u Grounded in science to ensure GHG emissions reductions are maximized and realized in a manner designed to minimize increased costs for travelers u Designed to incentivize rather than mandate a zero-carbon trajectory at the lowest-cost (e.g., tax incentives, grants, and R&D investment) in order to commercialize the nascent SAF industry and support the breakthrough technologies needed to decarbonize our sector until a scalable market is achieved that can compete on a level playing field with traditional fossil fuels and the biodiesel and renewable diesel markets. 
You can learn more about Delta’s engagements and our guiding principles on climate policy in our u Climate Lobbying Report.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 39. 
Progress Towards Our Goals. 
Improve fuel efficiency on an ASM basis. 
For further details on fuel efficiency per ASM and per RTM, see the Fuel Efficiency table in the Appendix of this report.
ASM: Fuel efficiency on a capacity basis improved by 0.8% compared to 2020 partially as a result of our fleet retirements.
FUEL EFFICIENCY (ASM)
GALLONS PER 1000 ASM 17.0 16.5 16.0 15.5 15.0 14.5 14.0 13.5 13.0 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Fuel Efficiency 39% of 2030 SAF secured through offtake agreements 10% SAF by 2030. 
Announced intention to set science-based targets to achieve net zero GHG emissions no later than 2050 and improve emissions intensity no later than 2035 compared to a 2019 baseline. 
Achieve Net Zero by 2050 $137M invested to purchase and retire offsets relating to 27M metric tons of 2021 carbon emissions $1B Investment through 2030 19% electric ground support equipment (eGSE) as of April 2022 25% eGSE by 2022, 50% by 2025


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 40. 
GHG Emissions Inventory • Delta’s GHG inventory covers emissions from all operations under Delta’s operational control: Delta, Endeavor, Delta Vacations, Delta Material Services and Delta Flight Products.
• The emissions reported for 2021 were calculated and verified using the GHG Protocol, which aligns with the SBTi framework. The 2019 and 2020 emissions shown here are also calculated using the GHG Protocol. In past reports, emissions have been calculated and reported in accordance with The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol; therefore, 2019 and 2020 emissions presented in this report will differ from the emissions reported previously.
Verification of 2019 and 2020 data in accordance with the GHG Protocol is underway. Our verified reports prior to 2021 are publicly available at www.cris4.org. Our 2021 verified report is available in the Appendix.
• SCOPE 1 – Consists of all GHG emissions generated as part of the operation of Delta’s air transportation business: emissions from jet fuel consumed by Delta mainline aircraft, wholly-owned subsidiaries, plus GHG emissions from ground support equipment and other ground operations and chemical use.
• SCOPE 2 – Consists of GHG emissions that result from the generation of electricity, heat or steam purchased by Delta in both owned and leased facilities, such as airport spaces.
• SCOPE 3 – Currently consists of all GHG emissions from jet fuel from Delta Connection carriers that we do not wholly own and emissions from production of jet fuel from our suppliers (including Monroe).
To align with SBTi guidance, going forward we will be including upstream well-to-tank emissions for our jet fuel in our Scope 3 emissions to reflect the full life cycle emissions of our fuel. In 2021, upstream jet fuel GHG emissions totaled 6,208,048 metric tons (6,170,547 metric tons of CO2).
As part of our SBTi target setting process, we estimated the emissions associated with the top 98% of our annual supply chain spend using the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Evaluator tool. We expect future work will focus on the additional Scope 3 categories identified in the GHG Protocol.
GHG Emissions Inventory (metric tons) 2019 CO2e 2020 CO2e 2021 CO2e 2021 CO2 only. 
Scope 1 Mainline Jet Fuel Combustion 34,967,854 15,681,970 22,647,716 22,510,910. 
Scope 1 Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries Fuel Combustion 2,181,283 1,342,575 1,745,400 1,734,856. 
Scope 1 Other 179,284 150,360 168,140 162,838. 
Scope 2 Total 295,889 274,076 246,219 245,048. 
Scope 3 Jet Fuel Connection Carriers 3,438,873 1,603,209 2,353,044 2,338,830. 
Sum of Emissions Above 41,063,183 19,052,190 27,160,518 26,992,482. 
In the GHG emissions inventory below, CO2e numbers cover all GHG emissions as carbon dioxide equivalents. CO2 numbers only include carbon dioxide.
Totals may not sum due to rounding


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 41. 
FLEET PROGRESS. 
Currently, fleet renewal is our greatest opportunity to improve our fuel efficiency and emissions intensity, and we have established sustainability considerations as one of the core pillars that guide our fleet strategy and our capital allocation decisions with respect to fleet.
In 2021, Delta took delivery of 52 next-gen aircraft that were, on average, 25% more fuel efficient per seat mile than retired aircraft, contributing to a fleet-wide fuel efficiency improvement of 0.8% compared to 2020.
This resulted in overall fuel savings of 22.5M gallons from a combination of fleet renewal, operational initiatives and other factors. In 2022, we expect Delta's total capital expenditures, primarily for aircraft, fleet modifications and technology enhancements, to be approximately $6.0 billion, which may vary depending on financing decisions.
In May 2022, the introduction of the A321neo, our most fuel-efficient aircraft, will help boost progress toward emissions intensity improvements. Over the next several years, Delta expects to continue to invest in growing our other fuel-efficient fleets, like the A220 family, the A350-900s and A330-900s.
- more fuel efficient per seat than retired aircraft 25%
Number of next-gen aircraft Delta received in 2021 52. 
LARGE NARROWBODY +22% more efficient +25% more efficient. 
SMALL NARROWBODY gal/ASM gal/ASM 13.2 14.3 10.7 16.9 RETIRED 717-200, 737-700 and CRJ-200. 
NEW A220-100 and A220-300. 
RETIRED MD-88 and MD-90. 
NEW 737-900ER and A321-200. 
RETIRED 767-300ER, 777-200ER and 777-200LR. 
NEW A330-900 and A350-900. 
WIDEBODY +21% more efficient gal/ASM 14.3 11.3


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 42 734 metric tons of CO2 reduced through this co-processing pilot 1,747 metric tons of CO2 through the corporate. 
SAF program. 
Delta is working in partnership with corporate customers to increase demand for SAF and help address the significant price premiums that result from short supply.
Many of Delta’s corporate customers have set aggressive climate targets that often include Scope 3 emissions associated with business travel.
In an effort to reduce emissions from flying and to take steps together to scale SAF, Delta has signed agreements with 35 corporate customers and travel agencies as of March 2022 to fund SAF that will be applied towards GHG emissions from their business travel on Delta.
In support of feedstock- and technologyneutral SAF in order to bring SAF to market as quickly as possible, Delta purchased from Chevron a batch of co-processed fuel made from a feedstock of soybean oil.
Currently, ASTM (formerly known as American Society for Testing and Materials) only allows for co-processing of 5% renewable product into existing refinery infrastructures in order to yield a lower carbon fuel.
On a mass balance approach, the renewable content of Chevron’s jet fuel yielded a life cycle emissions reduction of 59% when compared with conventional jet fuel, under the California Low Carbon Fuel Standard.
SAF PROGRESS. 
SAF AGREEMENTS*
Neste: 1M gallons from 2021/2022. 
Aemetis: 10M gallons starting in 2024. 
GEVO: 75M gallons per year starting in 2025. 
NWABF: 60M gallons per year starting 2026 10% SAF BY THE END OF 2030* 146M 86M 11M 1M 2021/22 2024 2025 2026 *Subject to timely third-party investment and facility development.
Since the beginning of 2021, we have made numerous strides in our efforts to meet our 10% SAF consumption goal by the end of 2030.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 43. 
OPERATIONAL INITIATIVES PROGRESS. 
Ongoing initiatives that contribute to fuel savings are key to meeting our climate goals.
Installing split-scimitar winglets.
In 2021, we concluded a 5½ year project to reduce the fuel burn of our 737-900ER fleet in support of Delta’s broader environmental sustainability goals. All 130 Delta 737-900ER aircraft are now equipped with split-scimitar winglets. This aerodynamic enhancement improves fuel efficiency by reducing lift-induced drag. For this fleet type, these winglets are expected to yield an annual fuel savings of 8M gallons.
Delta is also participating in the rollout of streamlined landing procedures at some of our key hubs. In LAX, Delta is utilizing “EoR,” which is an improved, instrument approach system that allows ATC to clear aircraft for landing with shorter flight paths. This system takes advantage of the FAA’s NextGen airspace modernization initiative and can shorten flight times by 3-5 minutes. By reducing overall flight time, this system drives both fuel savings and can help customers reach their destination more quickly. This system could drive an estimated one million gallons in fuel savings annually at LAX alone once fully utilized.
GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT (GSE) PROGRESS. 
In an effort to reduce fuel burned from GSE that service aircraft between flights, Delta has invested to achieve a 25% electric GSE (eGSE) fleet by the end of 2022 and 50% by the end of 2025.
In 2021, Delta retired and replaced over 460 pieces of equipment with zero-emissions eGSE. As of April 2022, 19% of Delta's ground support equipment has been electrified. Expansion of eGSE depends, in part, on adequate supply of electric alternative equipment and airport investment in charging infrastructure. Delta plans to continue working closely with our business partners to test, develop and encourage more eGSE options. Future investment efforts will center around airports that are eGSE ready and have adequate charging capabilities.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 44 2021 OFFSET PROJECT TYPES (by Quantity Purchased, MT CO2e)
To develop our offset portfolio, we undertake a thorough due diligence process to determine appropriate projects.
Offsets Purchasing & Due-diligence Process: u Request projects that adhere to. 
Delta’s guidelines and principles u Use input from our participation in the LEAF Coalition and the Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets (TSVCM) u Vet offsets through external vendors and ratings providers before purchasing u Pursue continued monitoring of projects by ratings providers post purchase. 
OFFSETS PROGRESS. 
While our primary focus is on decarbonizing aviation and reaching net zero by 2050, we invested $137 million in offsets for 2021 to balance 27 million metric tons of currently unavoidable carbon emissions in support of our goal to spend $1 billion through 2030 toward airline carbon neutrality. Going forward we expect much of the remaining spend in support of this goal to be focused on solutions other than offsets as we seek to advance our decarbonization pathway.
Our 2021 carbon offset portfolio included projects such as renewable energy, landfill gas and preventing deforestation. In order to achieve our net zero goal in 2050, we intend to utilize removal-based projects that will help propel the development and execution of direct air capture and carbon sequestration technologies.
Delta purchased nearly 12M metric tons of offsets dedicated to preventing deforestation. 
AVOIDANCE: Includes projects that work to avoid the release of emissions, e.g. protecting forests • REDD+: Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation • LULUCF: Land Use, Land Use Change and Forestry. 
REDUCTION: Includes technologies or projects that increase the availability of renewable energy and convert waste into energy • Energy Capture • Renewable Energy: projects like solar- and wind-generated power installations. 
REMOVAL: Involves projects to remove CO2 from the atmosphere and store it • Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) • Afforestation. 
OFFSET PROJECT TYPES. 
REDUCTION. 
AVOIDANCE. 
REMOVAL (Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) & Afforestation ) (REDD+, LULUCF) (Energy Capture & Renewable Energy) 50% 44% 6%


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 45. 
Climate Risks and Opportunities. 
Delta’s approach to climate and decarbonization is informed by our exposure to climate-related risks and opportunities. As part of an industry that operates globally and is difficult to decarbonize, airlines are particularly susceptible to climate-related risks such as extreme weather and increasing fuel costs. Identifying and understanding those risks and their potential impacts on our business is an important part of framing our overall climate strategy in response to an ever-changing climate landscape.
Our Enterprise Risk Management framework integrates specific climate risks into safety and security, operational, strategic, financial and legal and compliance risk assessments. In 2021, Delta conducted a climate scenario analysis to further inform and strengthen our understanding and management of potential climate-related risks.
10 20 30 40. 
NZE. 
SDS. 
STEPS 2050 2040 2030 2020 2010 2000. 
Gt CO2. 
Global CO2 Emissions in the WEO-2021 Scenerios over Time 1.0 1.5 0.5 2.0 2.5 3.0. 
NZE SDS. 
STEPS 2100 2080 2060 2040 2020 2000 ºC. 
Global Median Surface Temp Rise over Time in the WEO-2021 Scenerios. 
IEA (2021), World Energy Model, IEA, Paris. 
CLIMATE SCENARIO ANALYSIS METHODOLOGY. 
The analysis followed the International Energy Agency (IEA) and Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) frameworks to explore a range of plausible climate scenarios and evaluate potential business implications from transition and physical risks, respectively.
Process for Identifying Transition Risks. 
Risks that arise from the transition to a low carbon economy, including policy and legal, technology, market, and reputation risks may impact the way we do business. To evaluate these risks, we applied three of the IEA’s 2021 World Energy Outlook (WEO) scenarios, including: u Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) that sets out a pathway to achieve net zero CO2 emissions by 2050 and is in line with limiting temperature increase to no more than 1.5°C u Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) that is consistent with the “well below 2°C” goal of the Paris Agreement while achieving universal energy access and improving air quality u Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) that reflects current policies that are already in place, as well as those that have been announced by governments and are under development. 
The emissions trajectory and temperature outcomes of the three scenarios used in the analysis to project a particular future state of the world are shown below.
GDP and population growth assumptions were held consistent across scenarios. For each scenario, we evaluated broad cross-cutting policy frameworks, detailed transport sector policies in regions in which Delta operates, as well as forecasted prices of carbon and crude oil.
Process for Identifying Physical Risks. 
The airline industry relies largely on business models that concentrate operations in major airports globally. An extended interruption or disruption resulting from climate-related events such as flooding in connection with rising sea levels at an airport where we have significant operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. To better understand our exposure to potential climate-related disruptions, we evaluated 21 airport locations—12 domestic and 9 international—that are strategically important to our business. For each location, a physical risk assessment was conducted to evaluate the risk of flooding and sea level rise, extreme weather events and increased temperature.
The baseline scenario used was RCP 8.5 (Representative Concentration Pathway), the perceived worst-case high emissions scenario where emissions are allowed to exceed cautionary levels and global temperature rises by about 3.7°C by 2100, which is projected to cause irreversible damage to our planet’s stability. In the case where an airport location was projected to experience notable impact from certain physical risk, RCP 4.5, a lower emissions scenario where the global temperature rises only by about 1.8°C by 2100, was used to further evaluate physical risks under a less dramatic scenario. The physical risk assessment focused on 2050.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 46. 
Risk Type Potential Financial/Operational Impact Time Horizon Management Strategies. 
Policy/Legal. 
Carbon pricing mechanisms could increase the price of aircraft fuel and could significantly impact our operating costs. We may be exposed to duplicative emissions pricing if a “patchwork” of international carbon schemes are applied as opposed to a harmonized global approach.
An increase in SAF mandates in various jurisdictions may result in increased operating costs due to the SAF premium or penalty in cases where SAF supply is not sufficient to meet the mandate. Additional regulatory policies governing aircraft emissions in the U.S. or abroad may increase our compliance costs.
Medium, Long. 
We monitor emerging regulations to understand potential risks and opportunities.
We engage with policymakers and industry associations to advocate for solutions to decarbonize our industry and advocate for a global approach to addressing GHG emissions from international aviation.
Technology. 
Our climate goals rely on continued investment in fleet renewal, SAF and development of other technologies that are not commercially available or available at scale today. The cost to transition to lower emissions technology could result in increased capital investments in technology deployment, research and development (SAF or aircraft) or additional costs to adopt new technologies.
Medium, Long. 
We have established sustainability considerations as one of our key core pillars that guide our fleet strategy and our capital allocation decisions with respect to fleet. A commitment to efficiency improvements from fleet renewal is expected to reduce GHG emissions intensity until new aircraft technologies that will further reduce emissions are available at scale.
We are committed to engaging our stakeholders to help bring alternative fuels and new technologies to scale for the industry, including through public-private partnerships, such as the First Movers Coalition, focused on unlocking solutions for hard-to-abate sectors.
These partnerships and coalitions focus on bringing SAF to market faster by influencing policy developments to support the production of SAF.
Short-Term: Before 2025; Medium-Term: 2025-2035; Long-Term: 2036 and beyond KEY TRANSITION RISKS


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 47. 
KEY TRANSITION RISKS. 
Risk Type Potential Financial/Operational Impact Time Horizon Management Strategies. 
Market. 
Business air travel could decline or recover at slower rates due to the increased use of alternatives such as virtual meetings and events. This could result in a decline in revenue.
Demand for short-haul, regional flights could shift to lower-carbon alternatives such as high-speed rail in certain regions. Although such shifts are not expected to be material to Delta, this could also result in a decline in revenue.
In addition to risks from potential changes to environmental regulation and policy, the transition to lower-carbon technologies, such as SAF, or changes in consumer preferences resulting from a negative perception of the environmental impact of air travel could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. For example, lower-carbon technologies such as SAF and direct air capture technologies are currently not available at scale and may take decades to develop, and the cost to transition to them could be prohibitively expensive without appropriate government policies and incentives in place.
Short, Medium, Long. 
We understand that climate change impacts from air travel are a concern for our customers, particularly corporate customers, as many are building “return to travel” programs that have business travel reduction goals in order to meet climate metrics. We have announced our intention to set ambitious sciencebased targets to address our GHG emissions while still providing efficient transport for our customers.
We also engage our corporate customers on sustainability by providing emissions data regarding their travel, along with opportunities to invest in SAF together to address our shared Scope 1 and Scope 3 emissions using an in-sector solution.
We believe our proactive climate strategy positions us to be an industry leader in sustainability to hedge against market shifts in consumer preferences.
Reputation. 
Our reputation among customers could be impacted if we fail to make progress toward and achieve our ambitious climate goals. Not meeting climate goals or not setting aggressive industry targets may result in customers, investors and NGOs seeking more substantial improvements in the commercial airline sector. These risks could impact Delta’s market share and revenue or result in a shift away from air travel more broadly.
Medium, Long. 
Maintaining our reputation and global brand is critical to our business. We have announced our intention to set ambitious climate goals and are diligently working to establish a transition plan to achieve our goals. We intend to reduce emissions through various levers as described above.
We also plan to continue to transparently communicate our actions and progress toward our goals and to work closely with our stakeholders to understand and seek to meet their expectations.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 48. 
KEY PHYSICAL RISKS Short-Term: Before 2025; Medium-Term: 2025-2035; Long-Term: 2036 and beyond. 
Our risk analysis assessed 21 of our most strategically important domestic and international airport locations and indicated that, with the exception of the airport noted below, the potential physical impacts (flooding and sea level rise, extreme weather events, and increased temperature) under the scenarios used were projected to be negligible.
Risk Type Potential Financial/Operational Impact Time Horizon Management Strategies. 
Acute Flooding. 
Under a worst-case emissions scenario (RCP 8.5), acute flooding events in at LaGuardia Airport (LGA) could potentially result in damage to airport infrastructure such as runways.
Long. 
We have completed major elements of construction for Delta’s new terminal at LGA that will help mitigate risks to Delta’s assets and critical systems. We are working with the Port Authority of NY and NJ to address the risk of flooding to the airport infrastructure.
Sea Level Rise. 
In both RCP 8.5 and RCP 4.5, chronic impacts from sea level rise in LGA could damage airport infrastructure and may therefore require increased investment in fortifying the locations. Such increased costs could be passed on to us and increase our operating costs.
Long. 
We are working with the airport authorities to understand the potential impacts of sea level rise, and the airports’ ability to fortify the shorelines, including at LGA. Additionally, we have the option to use alternative locations in certain highly impacted regions in case such risks become more significant in the future.
Extreme Weather Events. 
Extreme weather events such as hurricanes, typhoons and winter storms may continue to intensify and/or increase in frequency.
Additionally, weather events, such as hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, may lead to disruptions in our fuel supply chain and operations. These disruptions may result in increased fuel costs, increased costs in handling irregular operations or decreases in revenue.
Short, Medium, Long. 
Our operations and real estate teams continue to work to mitigate potential extreme weather event impacts on our operations and assets, including working with airports to enhance airport infrastructure and adapting our operational procedures to prepare for such events.
We monitor closely the likelihood of severe weather that could impact fuel supply and adjust fuel reserves at our hubs accordingly. Our efforts to diversify fuel supply, including expanding SAF in the fuel mix, are also intended to mitigate the risk of supply disruptions in the long term.
Increased Temperature. 
Extremely high temperatures (>114F) may exceed the allowed temperature certified by the FAA; however, such temperatures were found to be extremely rare for the airport locations that we evaluated.
Long We monitor temperatures at our hubs frequently and evaluate the risk of acute temperature extremes. We continue to work with aircraft manufacturers to evaluate and improve the safety of our aircraft under these conditions.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 49. 
KEY OPPORTUNITIES. 
Opportunity Type Potential Financial/Operational Impact Time Horizon Management Strategies. 
Resource Efficiency. 
Continuing to increase operational efficiency and deploy technical improvements that result in aircraft fuel efficiency could lower our fuel expense and reduce our GHG emissions.
Short, Medium, Long. 
We plan to continue to renew our fleet by retiring less efficient aircraft and investing in newer generation models.
We have established sustainability considerations as one of our key core pillars that guide our fleet strategy and our capital allocation decisions with respect to fleet. We continue to identify opportunities to further improve fuel efficiency. The Carbon Council plans to continue to focus on initiatives to save fuel and avoid GHG emissions.
Energy Source. 
SAF is a proven solution to decarbonize aviation, although it is not available at scale today. Increasing the percentage of SAF in our fuel helps us diversify fuel supply sources and reduce cost exposure to fossil fuels and potential carbon pricing schemes in the long term.
Medium, Long. 
Delta has a goal of having 10% of our jet fuel consumption come from SAF by the end of 2030. To achieve this goal, we are regularly evaluating multiple feedstock and technology types to understand the potential life cycle emissions reduction from different types of SAF. We are also putting offtake agreements in place to secure supply.
Products and Services. 
As consumer awareness around climate change continues to grow, providing lower-emission air travel may improve our competitive position.
Short, Medium, Long. 
We have announced our intention to set ambitious climate goals and expect to utilize available levers, particularly fleet and alternative fuels to advance these goals. We have been partnering and will continue to partner with corporate customers to scale up SAF for lower-emission air travel. Additionally, we work alongside our partners throughout the value chain to stay informed about emerging technologies and incorporate available technologies into our services.
Markets. 
Investing in strategic offsetting projects that support the shift to a lower-carbon economy may strengthen our relationship with the communities that we invest in and unlock growth opportunities for green infrastructure in emerging economies.
Short, Medium, Long. 
We evaluate the types of offset projects in which we have invested to understand their potential co-benefits and extended market impacts beyond emission offsets.
We request projects that adhere to Delta’s guidelines and principles.
Resiliency. 
Work with our airport hubs, and our suppliers to better understand and develop capabilities that better protect our operations and assets from adverse climate physical impacts.
Short, Medium, Long. 
We regularly evaluate potential risks to our people, our business and our operation, including those to our critical systems. Our close relationship with our supplier partners and vendors provides us the capability to respond to short-term supply chain disruptions. Additionally, we work to diversify our fuel supply sources for both conventional fuel and SAF to increase resiliency in our fuel supply chain in the long term. Furthermore, we have identified opportunities to evaluate and analyze the potential impact of climate change on our business by conducting risk assessments and business impact analysis and integrating the findings into our risk mitigation strategies to better protect our company.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 50. 
Reducing Waste. 
In 2021, we developed and began implementing plans to largely eliminate single-use plastics onboard our aircraft and secured new, more sustainable products that have been introduced in 2022. We also resumed onboard recycling in many locations and continued our product donation program.
ELIMINATING ONBOARD SINGLE-USE PLASTICS u Delta is accelerating its efforts to build a more sustainable and people-first future for air travel. In early 2022, we refreshed our onboard product offerings. Together, the products are expected to reduce onboard single-use plastic consumption by approximately 4.9 million pounds per year by: • Replacing or removing plastic items like stir sticks, cutlery, amenity kit plastic wrap and certain food containers.
• Serving canned wine from Imagery, an award-winning, women-owned winemaker in Sonoma, California.
• Reducing plastic used in our water bottles by 50%. While this is not a final solution, it is an important step toward reducing the amount of plastic we procure.
• Introducing DeltaOne bedding made from 100% recycled PET (polyethylene terephthalate).
We also seek to source alternatives for certain products from which we cannot eliminate waste. To evaluate whether the alternatives we are sourcing for our onboard service and beyond represent a more sustainable option, we utilize a life cycle analysis tool that allows us to calculate and compare the GHG footprint and other environmental metrics of different product types.
SKY CLUBS u All Delta Sky Clubs use eco-friendly packaging for packaged foods. Most clubs also have limited plastic products and have switched to either eco-friendly supplies or reusable serviceware.
u Minneapolis−Saint Paul, Seattle-Tacoma, and San Francisco International Airport clubs aim to be zero-waste, which is defined as 90% landfill diversion. These clubs recycle, compost, and provide eco-friendly food service items.
RESUMING ONBOARD RECYCLING u After a temporary hold due to COVID-19, recycling has resumed in many of the approximately 40 locations where we recycled previously. We continue working with airports that are affected by logistical constraints in order to recycle at as many locations as possible.
DONATIONS u More than 1.9M pounds of bedding, amenity kits, nonperishable food, water, etc. were donated to organizations in need in 2021.
u Nationwide partner organizations received more than $7 million worth of donated items.
Each new blanketand-pillow set is made from over 100 recycled plastic bottles.
We are moving from plastic to bamboo cutlery onboard our aircraft.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 51. 
Environmental Compliance. 
Delta’s global reach requires compliance with a complex array of international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These environmental requirements serve as the foundation for managing Delta’s environmental footprint, and we understand the impact noncompliance may have on the environment and the communities we serve. However, compliance with these requirements is just the starting point for our environmental programs, which also incorporate best management practices that go beyond compliance.
COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT. 
Delta utilizes three system tools to manage our environmental programs, reduce risk and minimize impacts of our operations.
u Delta’s Environmental Management System (EMS) outlines the overarching components of our environmental systems and processes and is modeled after the ISO14001 framework. The EMS manages and tracks roles, responsibilities and procedures for compliance with regulations and implementation of best management practices on an airport-specific basis.
u Delta’s Environmental Programs Manual (EPM) establishes Delta’s policies, expectations and management protocols for internal environmental compliance with federal, state and local regulations and best management practices that go beyond compliance. The EPM sets forth environmental training requirements for employees and provides the forms, tools and resources to demonstrate compliance and reduce risk.
u Delta’s Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) is a web-based tool that tracks internal environmental tasks outlined in the EPM. EMIS provides proactive notifications to station task owners to stay ahead of compliance tasks, and it generates reports to validate task completion.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 52. 
PROGRESS. 
Delta measures environmental performance through a series of metrics, which include releases, violations, hazardous waste generation and air emissions. We evaluate results year-over-year to track progress. The operational impacts of COVID-19 have made annual comparisons less meaningful since operations were reduced significantly in 2020.
As a result, environmental metrics in 2021 trended higher than 2020 but generally showed improvement over 2019.
*Class I – Spills of 25 gallons or more, or any spill with the potential to impact the environment. Class II – Spill between 5 and 25 gallons that are completely contained. **Delta received an infringement notice in 2021 from the French Authority for Airport Nuisance Control for extended use of an auxiliary power unit at CDG in 2019. ***For 2021, Delta has expanded stationary source air emissions tracking beyond emissions inventories required by the Clean Air Act to include stationary sources at all domestic stations and chemical purchases system wide. As a result, 2021 emissions are not comparable to prior years.
2019 2020 2021. 
RECORDED RELEASES. 
Annual Release Goal <90 <90 <90. 
Class I Recorded Releases 44 26 51. 
Class II Recorded Releases 49 30 40. 
Total Recorded Releases (Class I + Class II)* 93 56 91. 
Regulatory Reportable Releases 25 16 25. 
NOTICES OF VIOLATION. 
Goal: Not to Exceed 3 3 3 3. 
Notices of Violation 2 4 1**
Fines 0 0 EUR** 2,000 2019 2020 2021. 
HAZARDOUS WASTE. 
Waste (Tons) 670 338 589. 
METRIC TONS. 
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) 158.5. 
Carbon Monoxide (CO) 59.9. 
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) 14.7. 
Particulate Matter (PM) 29.2. 
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) 98.5. 
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) 41.9. 
REGULATED AIR EMISSIONS FROM STATIONARY SOURCES *** 2021


CONNECTING WITHIN OUR COMMUNITIES


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 54 54. 
Connecting Within Our Communities. 
Delta’s mission to connect the world includes our commitment to being a strong partner to the communities where our employees live, work and serve—an effort that remained steadfast during the pandemic.
As a purpose-driven company, giving back to our communities has been core to Delta and our culture for nearly 100 years, demonstrated by the thousands of volunteer hours and $36 million in charitable contributions from Delta and The Delta Air Lines Foundation in 2021.
As the pandemic continued to reshape community engagement, Delta has remained a leader in creating global change and was recognized as one of the 50 most community-minded companies in the U.S. in 2021 as an honoree of The Civic 50 by Points of Light and as the American Red Cross’ No. 1 corporate blood drive sponsor—both for the fourth year in a row.
Delta believes that travel is for everyone. As part of creating an inclusive and equitable environment, we seek to deliver the best service and accessibility to help our customers with disabilities feel confident in their travel experience. Delta has a dedicated Disability Programs office, which works across divisions to ensure accessible travel, and an Advisory Board on Disability, comprised of 14 customer-members who have or are experts on various disabilities, which provides Delta direct input on the travel experience. You can learn more about what accessibility services Delta offers on Delta.com.
Additionally, Delta’s Disability Programs office partners with ABLE, Delta’s employee resource group focused on promoting inclusion for employees with disabilities. In 2021, for a sixth consecutive year, Delta achieved 100% on the Disability Equality Index® (DEI®) “Best Places to Work™,” which is a prominent tool for Fortune 1000 companies to gauge their level of disability workplace inclusion.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 55. 
Impacting Our Environment. 
Delta is committed to creating a more sustainable world for tomorrow. Through key community partnerships, Delta is advancing that commitment by: u Launching tree-planting initiatives with nonprofit partners in Atlanta, Boston, Detroit, Los Angeles, New York City, Salt Lake City, Seattle and India u Supporting The Trust for Public Land and the National. 
Monuments Foundation to transform the 16-acre Cook Park in Atlanta into a vital urban greenspace, which opened in July 2021 u Empowering young people to effect positive change in their communities through support of Jane Goodall’s Roots and Shoots program and longtime partnership with the Jane Goodall Institute u Expanding our long-standing partnership with the. 
Captain Planet Foundation to build and support 14 Project Learning Gardens at schools in Atlanta, New York City and Seattle. 
Tree Equity. 
In 2021, Delta served as the seed partner for Trees Atlanta and Central Atlanta Progress Downtown Tree Planting Plan, which aims to increase the tree canopy in downtown Atlanta by planting 10,000 trees over 10 years.
With only 3% tree canopy coverage compared to the city’s overall coverage of 48%, Atlanta’s downtown becomes an urban heat island in the center of the city.
Delta people planted 68 trees downtown in November 2021, enhancing the tree canopy and designed to create a more equitable, healthier neighborhood.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 56. 
Building Equity. 
Our focus on creating change through DEI initiatives extends into the communities around us, with a goal to create more economic opportunities for underrepresented groups. In 2021, Delta pursued equity in our communities through: u Launching a partnership with the NAACP with a $500,000 contribution to establish an Aviation component within the STEM category of the Academic, Cultural, Technological and Scientific Olympics (ACT-SO) and help expand the group of students focusing on STEM-related majors and career paths u Teaming up with the Emerging 100 of Atlanta, the official young professional auxiliary of the 100 Black Men of Atlanta, Inc.,to provide scholarships specifically for Atlanta Public School students. By sponsoring community events and connecting Delta employees with local youth for mentorship opportunities, we are working to remove barriers to education and to create financial equity for local young men u Providing $500,000 to support two UNCF. 
Emergency Student Aid (ESA) programs to enable at-risk students to complete their degrees without the burden of financial hardships u Dedicating the Ambassador Andrew J. Young. 
International Building at the Atlanta headquarters in recognition of civil rights icon Ambassador Andrew Young, along with a $1 million contribution to the Andrew J. Young Foundation, whose mission is to support and promote education, leadership and human rights. 
Advancing Education for Future Generations. 
Education sets the foundation for a more equitable world and is core to equipping tomorrow’s employees, customers and communities with the skills they need to access greater opportunity. Our efforts to advance educational initiatives span the globe through: u Partnering with 32 Junior Achievement chapters across five continents to teach students financial literacy, work readiness and entrepreneurship u Funding scholarships for Clayton County Public School students interested in aviation and supporting the community of many Delta families u Supporting 3DE programming in public high schools in 9 markets across the U.S.
3DE uses public-private partnerships to systemically re-engineer education to better reflect the real world and prepare students for life beyond the classroom walls u Fulfilling a five-year partnership with Atlanta Public Schools (APS), totalling $500,000 to impact third-grade reading levels at two South Atlanta cluster schools u Building 38 playgrounds, including two in 2021, in 16 cities across the U.S.
alongside KABOOM! and The Trust for Public Land with help from Delta volunteers, creating a more equitable play experience. 
Atlanta Teachers Uplifted with Dream Vacation. 
Nine APS teachers were surprised with a dream summer vacation package from Delta and Delta Vacations for Teacher Appreciation Week in 2021—an opportunity to thank the unsung heroes who adapted with students during ever-changing school environments in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 57. 
A Long-Lasting Partnership: Delta and The American Red Cross. 
Delta and the American Red Cross celebrated 80 years of partnership in 2021, marking Delta’s longest nonprofit partnership, which originated in WWII.
As the American Red Cross faced surging hospital demand and blood drive cancellations during another year of the pandemic, Delta remained steadfast in donating the gift of life through 264 blood drives across the system, which landed Delta as American Red Cross’ No. 1 corporate blood drive sponsor for the fourth year in a row.
Delta also continues to serve as an Annual Disaster Giving partner at the $1 million level. In addition, Delta donated $250,000 to Hurricane Ida relief and $100,000 for earthquake relief in Haiti.
Delta also sponsored the American Red Cross’ Sound the Alarm program, which has led to the installation of more than 100,000 free smoke alarms in 100 high-risk U.S. cities.
Nurturing Entire Well-being. 
Delta recognizes the importance of nurturing all aspects of well-being—physical, emotional, social and financial—that connect members of our communities to more flourishing lives.
Delta’s investment in the well-being of our communities in 2021 included: u Igniting a partnership with the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI), the nation’s largest grassroots mental health organization u Providing 2 million pounds of food annually to combat food insecurity through 23 Feeding America Food Banks across four continents u Completing our 276th home build with Habitat for Humanity since 1995, this time in Los Angeles, as we continue to support safe, decent and affordable housing for those in need u Supporting eight Covenant House chapters globally to provide housing and support services to homeless youth. 
Delta’s commitment to equity also extends throughout our approach to well-being, with recent initiatives including: u Supporting Children's Healthcare of Atlanta's. 
Hughes Spalding Hospital programs, with an emphasis in behavioral and mental health, the Aflac Cancer and Blood Disorders Center and Sickle Cell Disease Program and mobile patient care vehicle u Championing Grady Health Foundation’s Food as Medicine Program, which provides equitable access to healthy, affordable food for the Grady community u Partnering with YMCA of Metro Atlanta to help increase accessibility to high-quality childcare for families. 
The Delta Difference Brings Afghans Safely to the U.S.
Delta supported the federal government’s mission to bring Afghan refugees safely from Kabul to the U.S. as part of the activation of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF), with Delta completing 40 missions carrying 9,885 passengers over the course of three weeks.
The journey for the evacuees was long, with several flights over the course of days, and Delta people stepped up to provide an “Overnight Delta Kit” for evacuees complete with travel basics, including personal hygiene products, snacks and a message from Delta.
In addition to the kits, Delta helped ship 40,000 pounds of American Red Cross supplies to use overseas at military bases.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 58. 
Combating Human Trafficking. 
Consistent with our core values and commitment to creating global change, Delta supports the principles set forth in various modern slavery and anti-human trafficking laws.
Delta gives life to our commitment to combat modern slavery through policies, the direct and strategic support of leadership, support of anti-trafficking legislation, employee training, customer engagement and opportunities for employees to volunteer.
As Delta employees, our people pledge to serve as ambassadors in the fight against human trafficking and avoid any activities that cause or further human trafficking violations or the sexual exploitation of children.
Delta partners with a number of organizations including the anti-trafficking experts at Polaris in support of the U.S. National Human Trafficking Hotline, Freedom United and Street Grace.
In 2021, Delta celebrated the 20th anniversary of Wellspring Living’s anti-human trafficking awareness campaign by creating an opportunity for employees from across Delta to volunteer to paint a mural for our headquarters.
This mural is displayed at Delta’s In-Flight Training Center, where hundreds of employees walk through daily. In partnership with Wellspring Living, Delta offers apprenticeships to human trafficking survivors and has developed training for employees to identify and report human trafficking.
Supporting Veterans & Military. 
Delta is committed to honoring armed service members and veterans. Our support in 2021 included: u Assembling 1,250 bikes, donating 20 boxes of toys and contributing more than $500,000 to the Marine Toys for Tots program u Funding Fisher House facilities in Atlanta, Detroit, Los Angeles,
New York City and Seattle, which provide lodging for family members of wounded armed service members and veterans u Partnering with Folds of Honor by funding scholarships for spouses and children of fallen soldiers across the U.S.
u Supporting the USO as well as the MI Freedom Center in Detroit and the Armed Forces Service Centers in Miami and Minneapolis. 
Approximately 10% of Delta’s employees are veterans, with many of them continuing to serve in the National Guard or military reserves.


A P P E N D I X


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 60 130 countries (including SkyTeam Alliance) 6
continents (including SkyTeam Alliance) 135M customers (including SkyTeam Alliance) 800 destinations (including SkyTeam Alliance) �5,500 daily departures (including SkyTeam Alliance) �1,200 aircraft. 
KEY HUBS AND MARKETS. 
Atlanta, Boston, Detroit, Los Angeles, Minneapolis/
St. Paul, New York-JFK, New York-LaGuardia, Salt Lake City,
Seattle, Amsterdam, London-Heathrow, Mexico City,
Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Seoul-Incheon. 
JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS. 
Aeroméxico, Air France-KLM,
China Eastern, Korean Air and. 
Virgin Atlantic, and an alliance pending regulatory approval with LATAM Airlines Group. 
S.A. (“LATAM ”)
Atlanta, Georgia headquarters 83,000 employees (full-time equivalent)
About Delta The 30,000 Foot View


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 61. 
Topic Metric Code Response. 
Activity Metrics. 
Available seat kilometers (ASK) Passenger load factor Revenue passenger kilometers (RPK) Revenue ton kilometers (RTK) Number of departures Average age of fleet. 
TR-AL-000.A TR-AL-000.B TR-AL-000.C TR-AL-000.D TR-AL-000.E TR-AL-000.F 312,975 million (Available Seat Kilometers) 69% 216,765 million (Revenue Passenger Kilometers) 23,876 million (Revenue Ton Kilometers, includes Cargo and assumed per passenger weight of 100 kilograms) 3,978 average daily departures (all carriers); 2,282 average daily departures (Delta only) 14.0 years (mainline); 13.2 (mainline + regional carriers)
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Gross Scope 1 Emissions Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets (1) Total fuel consumed (2) Percentage alternate fuel (3) Percentage SAF Gross Scope 2. 
TR-AL-110a.1. 
TR-AL-110a.2. 
TR-AL-110a.3 TR-AL-110a.3 TR-AL-110a.3 TR-AL-110a.3 24,561,255 metric tons CO2e. 
See Climate and the Environment section 314,139,544 GJ (mainline jet fuel); 338,349,447 GJ (mainline & Endeavor jet fuel) <1% <1% 246,219 metric tons CO2e. 
Labor Practices. 
Percentage of active workforce covered under collective bargaining agreements (1) Number of work stoppages (2) Total days idle. 
TR-AL-310a.1 TR-AL-310a.2 TR-AL-310a.2 20% 0 0. 
Competitive Behavior Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations TR-AL-520a.1 N/A. 
Accident and Safety Management. 
Description of implementation and outcomes of a Safety Management System Number of aviation accidents* Number of governmental enforcement actions of aviation safety regulations**
TR-AL-540a.1 TR-AL-540a.2 TR-AL-540a.3. 
See Flight Safety section 3 out of 1,442,421 flights (mainline and carriers) N/A. 
Reporting Frameworks. 
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD (SASB) INDEX *Defined according to the International Civil Aviation Organization (Annex 13) and the National Transportation Safety Board (Part 830). Of the three accidents in 2021, one was classified as an incident and two were classified as accidents. The incident was related to aircraft damage. The two accidents involved crew member injuries during ground movement. No customer was injured in these events. ** Defined as the number of enforcement actions from the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA), the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), or the equivalent national authorities that are related to aviation safety regulations.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 62 * Delta responds annually to the CDP Climate Change questionnaire. Responses to TCFD disclosure framework are also available in our CDP response, available on cdp.net and delta.com/sustainability.
TASKFORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX. 
Disclosure Category Recommended Disclosure Source. 
GOVERNANCE Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks.
Governance – Board Oversight Governance – Management Oversight. 
STRATEGY Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.
a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
b) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.
c) Describe the potential impact of different scenarios, including a 2°C scenario, on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.
Climate and the Environment – Climate Risks and Opportunities Climate and the Environment – Our Decarbonization Pathway. 
RISK MANAGEMENT Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.
Climate and the Environment – Climate Risks and Opportunities Governance – Management Oversight. 
METRICS AND TARGETS Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities.
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks.* c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
Climate and the Environment – Progress Towards Our Goals Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 63. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES. 
ORGANIZATIONAL PROFILE 102-1 Name of the organization Delta Air Lines, Inc.
102-2 Activities, brands, products and services. 
Appendix – About Delta Delta 2021 10-K, pages 2-7 102-3 Location of headquarters Appendix – About Delta 102-4 Location of operations Appendix – About Delta Delta 2021 10-K, pages 2-3 102-5 Ownership and legal form. 
Delta Air Lines, Inc. is a publicly held corporation incorporated in the state of Delaware. Our shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
102-6 Markets served Appendix – About Delta Delta 2021 10-K, pages 2-7 102-7 Scale of the organization Appendix – About Delta Delta 2021 10-K, pages 2-7 102-8 Information on employees and other workers People and Well-being – Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 102-9 Supply chain Responsible Supply Chain 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain. 
There have been no significant changes during the reporting period.
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102-11 Precautionary principle or approach. 
Delta has not formally adopted use of the precautionary principle. For Delta, adoption of the principle would apply primarily to potential harm related to use of fossil fuels and carbon emissions. While the principle is not formally used, we have an established enterprise risk management program that includes climate-related risks, and we are actively engaged with the airline industry regarding mitigation efforts.
102-12 External initiatives • Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) • Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) • Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) • CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) • Greenhouse Gas Protocol • Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) • FTSE4Good Index • Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index • International Air Transport Association (IATA) • Airlines for America 102-13 Membership of associations. 
Climate and the Environment – Engaging Stakeholders and Building Coalitions Delta Climate Lobbying Report, page 6 2. STRATEGY 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker A Message from Ed 102-15 Key impacts, risks and opportunities. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight Climate and the Environment - Climate Risks and Opportunities 2022 Proxy Statement


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 64. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 3. ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior Governance – Business Ethics 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Governance – Business Ethics 4. GOVERNANCE 102-18 Governance structure. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight. 
Corporate Governance Principles 2022 Proxy Statement 102-19 Delegating authority Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight 102-20. 
Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental and social topics. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight 102-21. 
Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental and social topics. 
About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 2022 Proxy Statement 102-22. 
Composition of the highest governance body and its committees. 
Board of Directors 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 2022 Proxy Statement. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body. 
Corporate Governance Principles 2022 Proxy Statement 102-25 Conflicts of interest Delta Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 102-26. 
Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values and strategy. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight 102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body 2022 Proxy Statement 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 2022 Proxy Statement 102-29. 
Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight 2022 Proxy Statement 102-31 Review of economic, environmental and social topics. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight 2022 Proxy Statement 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting. 
Governance – Board-level Oversight and Managementlevel Oversight


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 65. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102-33 Communicating critical concerns. 
Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with Delta’s nonmanagement directors via e-mail at nonmgmt.directors@delta.com. Communications with nonmanagement directors may also be mailed to: c/o Law Department, 981 Attn: Chief Legal Officer 1030 Delta Boulevard Atlanta, GA 30354 102-35 Remuneration policies 2022 Proxy Statement 102-36 Process for determining remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement 102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 2022 Proxy Statement 102-38 Annual total compensation ratio 2022 Proxy Statement 102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio 2022 Proxy Statement. 
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 102-40 List of stakeholder groups About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements Delta 2021 10-K, page 10 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment. 
IDENTIFIED MATERIAL ASPECTS AND BOUNDARIES 102-45. 
Entities included in the consolidated financial statements. 
Delta 2021 10-K, pages 67-69 102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 102-47 List of material topics About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment 102-48 Restatements of information. 
As discussed on p. 40, GHG emissions for 2019 and 2020 have been restated as part of our transition from the Climate Registry General Reporting Protocol to the GHG Protocol.
102-49 Changes in reporting About this Report – ESG Materiality Assessment. 
REPORT PROFILE 102-50 Reporting period January 1, 2021 – December 31, 2021 102-51 Date of most recent report Delta's 2020 ESG Report published in May 2021 102-52 Reporting cycle Annual


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 66. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report. 
Please send comments or questions to sustainability@delta.com or in writing to:
Delta Air Lines, Inc. Attn: Pamela Fletcher, Chief Sustainability Officer Department 423 1020 Delta Boulevard Atlanta, GA 30354 102-54. 
Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards. 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option 102-55 GRI content index Appendix – Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 102-56 External assurance Appendix - Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data - Emissions Verification 200: ECONOMICS. 
TOPIC: 205 ANTI-CORRUPTION 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Enterprise-wide assessment for corruption-related risks.
205-2. 
Communication and training on anti-corruption policies and procedures. 
Governance – Business Ethics. 
TOPIC: 206 ANTI-COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR 206-1. 
Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust and monopoly practices. 
Delta 2021 10-K, page 31. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 300: ENVIRONMENTAL. 
TOPIC: 302 ENERGY 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization. 
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization. 
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 302-3 Energy intensity Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 302-5. 
Reductions in energy requirements of products and services. 
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data. 
TOPIC: 305 EMISSIONS 305-1 Direct greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 1)
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 305-2 Energy indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 2)
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 305-3 Other indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions (Scope 3)
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 305-4 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity. 
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 67. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 305-5 Reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. 
Appendix – Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data 305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
Type of. 
Refrigerant. 
Quantity of Refrigerant (metric tons)
Refrigerant ODP. 
Weight in R-11. 
Equivalent* (metric tons)
R-123A 0.027 0.020 0.001. 
R-134A 2.677 0.000 0.000. 
R-22 0.355 0.055 0.020. 
R-410A 0.015 0.000 0.000 *Annex C: Controlled Substances of the Montreal Protocol factors were used to estimate R-11 equivalents.
305-7 NOx, SOx, and other significant air emissions Climate and the Environment - Environmental Compliance. 
TOPIC: 306 EFFLUENTS AND WASTE 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination. 
Aside from stormwater, Delta does not have any direct discharges to waters of the U.S. We do discharge to various Publicly Owned Treatment Works, but this information is not reliably measured on an annual basis.
306-2 Waste by type and disposal method. 
Climate and the Environment - Reducing Waste. 
Climate and the Environment - Environmental Compliance 306-3 Significant releases Climate and the Environment - Environmental Compliance. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response 306-4 Hazardous waste Climate and the Environment - Environmental Compliance 306-5 Water bodies affected by water discharges and/or runoff Delta does not significantly discharge into water bodies.
TOPIC: 307 COMPLIANCE 307-1. 
Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations. 
Climate and the Environment - Environmental Compliance 400: SOCIAL. 
TOPIC: 401 EMPLOYMENT 401-1 New hires and employee turnover. 
New hires in 2021: approximately 11,000 full-time employees. 
The 2021 attrition rate is approximately 5.5% for both merit and scale populations. For reference, our 2019 attrition rate was 5.1% (4.4% merit and 5.2% scale).
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees Talent Management - Compensation and Benefits 401-3 Parental leave Talent Management - Compensation and Benefits


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 68. 
Disclosure. 
Number Disclosure Title 2021 Response. 
TOPIC: 403 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 403-1. 
Workers’ representation in formal joint management–worker health and safety committees. 
Governance - Management-level Oversight and People and Well-being - Employee Engagement- Human Capital Management. 
The Way We Fly 403-2. 
Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational diseases, lost days, absenteeism and number of work-related fatalities. 
Safety – Employee Safety 403-3. 
Workers with high incidence or high risk of diseases related to their occupation. 
Safety - Safety through Global Cleanliness. 
People and Well-being - Employee Health and Well-being 403-4. 
Health and safety topics covered in formal agreements with trade unions. 
Delta does not track this information.
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees. 
Governance - Board-level Oversight. 
People and Well-being - Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 2022 Proxy Statement 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Delta does not disclose this information.
TOPIC: 416 CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 416-1. 
Assessment of the health and safety impact of product and service categories. 
Safety – Safety Management System. 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE (GRI) INDEX. 
TOPIC: 405 DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 69. 
Additional Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Data. 
EMISSIONS VERIFICATION. 
We obtain third-party verification of our greenhouse gas emissions on an annual basis.
Ruby Canyon Environmental, Inc. conducts our emissions verification and provides a reasonable level of assurance on our Environmental Statement of Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions for reporting. Verified emissions data beginning with 2005 is publicly available on The Climate Registry website at www.cris4.org.
The emissions reported for 2021 were calculated and verified using the GHG Protocol, which aligns with the SBTi framework. The 2019 and 2020 emissions shown in the Climate and Environment section of this report are also calculated using the GHG Protocol. In past reports, emissions have been calculated and reported in accordance with The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol; therefore, 2019 and 2020 emissions presented in this report will differ from the emissions reported previously. Verification of 2019 and 2020 data in accordance with the GHG Protocol is underway.


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 70 *The emissions reported for 2021 were calculated and verified using the GHG Protocol, which is in alignment with SBTi. Prior years’ emissions have been calculated and reported in past reports in accordance with The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol. However, the 2019 and 2020 emissions shown here are calculated using the GHG Protocol, in an effort to align with SBTi and maintain consistency with 2021 emissions; therefore, 2019 and 2020 emissions presented in this report will differ from emissions reported previously. Our verified reports prior to 2021 are publicly available at www.cris4.org. Our 2021 verified report is available in the Appendix of this report. Verification of 2019 and 2020 data in accordance with the GHG Protocol is underway. **These net emissions represent CO2 emissions generated in January and February 2020. Offsets purchased for 2020 were applied towards CO2 emissions generated between March and December 2020, as part of our commitment beginning in March 2020 to invest $1 billion through 2030 toward airline carbon neutrality.
HISTORICAL EMISSIONS DATA*
GHG Emissions Inventory (metric tons) using IPCC AR5 GWP 2019 (CO2e) 2020 (CO2e) 2021 (CO2e) 2021 (CO2 Only)
SCOPE 1. 
Jet Fuel – Mainline Delta 34,967,854 15,681,970 22,647,716 22,510,910. 
Jet Fuel – Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries 2,181,283 1,342,575 1,745,400 1,734,856. 
Ground operations (GSE fuel use) 97,316 78,848 76,586 76,356. 
Ground operations (non-GSE) 81,968 71,512 91,554 86,482. 
TOTAL SCOPE 1 37,328,421 17,174,905 24,561,255 24,408,604. 
SCOPE 2. 
Electricity – Direct Billed facilities 152,849 136,612 113,738 113,737. 
Electricity – Leased facilities 105,701 99,833 94,574 93,516. 
Natural Gas – Leased facilities 37,339 37,631 37,907 37,795. 
TOTAL SCOPE 2 295,889 274,076 246,219 245,048. 
SCOPE 3. 
Jet Fuel – Regional Partner Airlines 3,438,873 1,603,209 2,353,044 2,338,830. 
SUM OF EMISSIONS 41,063,183 19,052,190 27,160,518 26,992,482. 
SAF Fuel – Mainline Delta 2,481 2,481. 
Offsets 1,707,302 12,960,000 26,993,120 26,993,120. 
NET EMISSIONS 39,355,881 6,092,190** 164,917 –
Other Scope 3 – Jet Fuel Well-to-Tank 9,454,455 4,332,747 6,208,048 6,170,547. 
Totals may not sum due to rounding


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 71. 
FUEL EFFICIENCY. 
Mainline + DCI. 
Jet Fuel Gallons (millions)
Revenue. 
Passenger Miles (millions)
Passenger. 
Revenue Ton Miles (millions)
Cargo Ton. 
Miles (millions)
Total RTM (millions)
Fuel Efficiency: (gallons/100 RTM)
Available Seat Miles (millions)
Fuel Efficiency: (gallons/1000 ASM)
Metric Defined. 
Jet fuel from mainline +
Connection Carrier operations*
Number of paying passengers multiplied by the distance they travelled in miles. 
Weight, in U.S. tons, of paying passengers multiplied by the distance traveled (assumed 220.5 lbs per passenger, including luggage)
Weight, in U.S. tons, of revenue generating cargo multiplied by distance travelled. 
Sum of passenger and cargo revenue ton miles. 
Fuel efficiency on a payload-mile basis. 
Number of seats available to sell multiplied by the distance travelled. 
Fuel efficiency on a capacity basis 2009 3,872 188,943 20,827 2,256 23,083 16.77 230,331 16.81 2010 3,821 193,469 21,326 2,272 23,598 16.19 232,684 16.42 2011 3,853 192,767 21,249 2,370 23,619 16.31 234,656 16.42 2012 3,765 192,974 21,272 2,385 23,657 15.92 230,415 16.34 2013 3,825 194,988 21,494 2,350 23,843 16.04 232,740 16.43 2014 3,889 202,925 22,369 2,357 24,726 15.73 239,676 16.23 2015 3,982 209,625 23,107 2,193 25,300 15.74 246,764 16.14 2016 4,009 213,097 23,490 1,980 25,470 15.74 251,867 15.92 2017 4,025 217,716 23,999 2,148 26,147 15.39 254,325 15.83 2018 4,103 225,242 24,829 2,170 26,998 15.20 263,365 15.58 2019 4,207 237,680 26,200 1,995 28,195 14.92 275,379 15.28 2020 1,934 73,412 8,092 1,082 9,175 21.08 134,339 14.40 2021 2,778 134,692 14,847 1,506 16,354 16.99 194,474 14.28 *Consistent with prior period reporting, this table excludes data from Delta Private Jets (DPJ) for all periods that DPJ was owned by Delta.
Totals may not sum due to rounding


Contents CEO Letter Highlights About Governance Safety People Supply Chain Environment Community Appendix 72. 
The statements in this report that are not historical facts, including statements regarding our estimates, expectations, beliefs, intentions, projections, goals, aspirations, commitments or strategies for the future, should be considered “forward-looking statements” under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and any other available safe harbors under the federal securities laws. Many of the standards and metrics used in preparing this report, including the forward-looking statements herein, continue to evolve and are based on management assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation. However, they are not guarantees or promised outcomes and should not be construed as such. All forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, as described below, that could cause actual results to differ materially from the estimates, expectations, beliefs, intentions, projections, goals, aspirations, commitments and strategies reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the material adverse effect that the COVID-19 pandemic has had on our business; the impact of incurring significant debt in response to the pandemic; failure to comply with the financial and other covenants in our financing agreements; the possible effects of accidents involving our aircraft or aircraft of our airline partners; breaches or lapses in the security of technology systems on which we rely; disruptions in our information technology infrastructure; our dependence on technology in our operations; our commercial relationships with airlines in other parts of the world and the investments we have in certain of those airlines; the effects of a significant disruption in the operations or performance of third parties on which we rely; failure to realize the full value of intangible or long-lived assets; labor issues; the effects of weather, natural disasters and seasonality on our business; the cost of aircraft fuel; the availability of aircraft fuel; failure or inability of insurance to cover a significant liability at Monroe’s Trainer refinery; failure to comply with existing and future environmental regulations to which Monroe’s refinery operations are subject, including costs related to compliance with renewable fuel standard regulations; our ability to retain senior management and other key employees, and to maintain our company culture; significant damage to our reputation and brand, including from exposure to significant adverse publicity, and failure to make progress toward and achieve our environmental sustainability and diversity, equity and inclusion goals; the effects of terrorist attacks, geopolitical conflict or security events; competitive conditions in the airline industry; extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports at which we operate or significant problems associated with types of aircraft or engines we operate; the effects of extensive government regulation we are subject to; the impact of environmental regulation, including increased regulation to reduce emissions and other risks associated with climate change, on our business; and unfavorable economic or political conditions in the markets in which we operate or volatility in currency exchange rates.
Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties that could cause differences between actual results and forward-looking statements is contained in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which represent our views only as of May 5, 2022, and which we have no intention to update except to the extent required by law.
This report contains information from third parties, such as the IEA. Delta makes no representation or warranty as to the third-party information. Where necessary, we have received permission to cite third-party sources, but the information and data remain under the control and direction of the third parties. Where Delta has used information, such as displaying data from third parties in graphical form, it has noted the source.
Legal Disclaimer