Connections that matter Sustainability Report 2022


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 2. 
Table of contents. 
Letter from our Executive Chairman and CEO 3. 
Our sustainability strategy 4. 
Our company 13. 
Letter from our Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer 19. 
Innovate for good 20. 
Delivering solutions for global challenges 23. 
Enabling a circular economy 26. 
Innovating safer by design 30. 
Protect people and the planet 34. 
Acting on climate 36. 
Leading water stewardship 41. 
Delivering world-class health and safety performance 45. 
Empower people to thrive 57. 
Accelerating diversity, equity, and inclusion 59. 
Cultivating well-being and fulfillment 64. 
Building thriving communities 68. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility 74. 
About this report 79. 
Appendix 82. 
GRI Content Index 83. 
SASB Index 88. 
TCFD Disclosure Index 90. 
Data appendix 97. 
Full list of awards and external initiatives 108. 
WSP assurance letter 111. 
Cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements 116


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 3. 
Letter from our Executive Chairman and CEO. 
GRI 102-14. 
The events of the past two years have underscored both the resilience and fragility of our global economic, environmental, and social systems. We’ve faced a worldwide pandemic, supply chain dislocations, natural disasters and more. The need for industrial transformation and collaboration has never been more urgent. Embracing change is not sufficient; we need bold actions if we are to live and work sustainability. While there is no silver bullet, responsible technology can help solve and accelerate the changes that are required. We’re seeing that across sectors: advances in connectivity have improved healthcare access with telemedicine and enabled hybrid and remote working; new water solutions are helping cities and municipalities implement reuse strategies to address water scarcity; and progress in battery technologies are paving the way for the adoption of electric vehicles today and in the years to come.
At DuPont, we are navigating through our own transformation, reshaping, sharpening and strengthening our business portfolio and focusing our innovation in areas where our technologies and capabilities can make a difference, such as clean water and personal protective garments. In 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Nutrition & Biosciences business with IFF. We acquired Laird Performance Materials on July 1, 2021 and on November 2, 2021 announced a definitive agreement to acquire Rogers Corporation1. Together with DuPont’s Electronics & Industrial business, these portfolio actions will position us to better serve our customers and 1 On November 2, 2021, DuPont announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Rogers Corporation for cash, (the “Intended Rogers Acquisition”). The transaction is subject to approval by Rogers’ shareholders, which was received on January 25, 2022, regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
drive sustainable solutions for electric vehicles, advanced driver assist systems, 5G telecommunications, and clean energy. These acquisitions, along with the pending divestiture of a majority of our Mobility & Materials segment, firmly establishes us as a multi-industrial company with a focus on electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies, and next generation automotive.
We believe the biggest impact we can make is by working with our customers to develop sustainable innovations that address the worlds’ challenges, and equally important is taking a broader view of industry value chains.
Our transformation journey is interconnected with our sustainability journey. We believe the biggest impact we can make is by working with our customers to develop sustainable innovations that address the worlds’ challenges, and equally important is taking a broader view of industry value chains. That includes making changes to our own operations, like investing in and transitioning to lower greenhouse gas formulations for our building insulation solutions. We also recognize the opportunity to transform our supplier networks to create more robust delivery systems for our customers and more sustainable sourcing for our operations. Renewable energy is one part of our integrated climate and energy approach, and in 2021 we signed a virtual power purchase agreement for the equivalent of 135 megawatts of new wind energy.
Our company and our people remain committed to our Core Values. As we embrace the transformation to hybrid working, we’re also grateful for our essential workers who are on site at our manufacturing and research facilities each day keeping our plants running and our innovation flowing. The safety, health and well-being of all our teams has and always will be our first priority. Each one of our colleagues is taking steps, both big and small, to deliver on our purpose—to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive—and transform the way we deliver results for our customers, communities, and shareholders. Their actions are further encouraged through our employee incentive compensation program that includes an ESG modifier aligned to progress toward DuPont’s Sustainability Goals.
I’m encouraged by the collaboration and commitments of companies across industries. CEO-led coalitions are one of the ways the private sector can drive progress for all stakeholders. DuPont has been a long-standing member of the United Nations Global Compact and this past year, I was proud to sign its CEO Water Mandate; and as a founding member of the Council for Inclusive Capitalism, I’m committed to fostering a global economy that works for everyone. Through industry alliances like these, coupled with meaningful actions and supported by oversight from our Board of Directors, we’re ensuring sustainability remains at the top of our agenda.
I invite you to read on to learn more about our work, our people, and how our results connect to our stakeholders and to the changes the world needs from all of us.
Edward D. Breen Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 4. 
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 5. 
Our framework and 2030 goals. 
At DuPont, science and engineering are the foundation of our company and innovation is core to our business and sustainability strategy to create long-term value for our customers. Our sustainability strategy is grounded in our purpose to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive and inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). As a premier multi-industrial company, we embrace the accelerated pace of learning, change, and expectations happening around the world and within our own communities and workforce. Conversations about sustainability are quickly evolving and we are listening and responding, internally and externally, to increase the speed and scale of our actions speed and scale of our actions and impact.
Our sustainability strategy, established in 2019 and renewed in 2021 with input from multiple stakeholders, is built on three pillars: Innovate, Protect, and Empower.
We invest across these 3 strategic pillars based on impact, alignment with business priorities, and actions to maximize value and reduce risk. And we are increasing communication of our intent and results directly with our employees, customers, and other stakeholders through our sustainability report website, award-winning China Sustainability Report and inaugural Performance Building Solutions & Corian® Design Sustainability Update.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 6. 
Innovate for good. 
The UN SDGs paint a bold vision for a just and sustainable world by 2030 that we all aspire to achieve. Innovate for good is our commitment to use our talent, resources, and innovation expertise to work on important and valuable challenges to make the UN SDG vision reality. Success requires commitment and investment from all companies and unprecedented levels of connection and collaborative innovation across and between sectors. What we do matters, and what we all do together makes an even greater impact. In 2021, we reached out to customers and end users around the world to better understand their needs and create a more focused set of innovation platforms directly linked to solving sustainability challenges in the industries and markets we serve. We recognize the need for agility and urgency in addressing climate change, access to clean water and healthcare, and more sustainable production. We’re responding by building on critical science-based competencies such as lifecycle assessment (LCA), circular design, and green chemistry, and by further embedding sustainability in our enterprise and business innovation strategies. Together, these actions accelerated and increased our innovation value creation potential, aligned to SDGs, with deepened customer insights and specialized capabilities.
Protect people and the planet. 
The need for protection has never been more evident or urgent than in the last few years. Protecting people from disease, protecting the planet from the challenges of climate change, and protecting and preserving our most precious natural resources are critical to a sustainable future for all. DuPont’s core values reflect our long-held commitment to ensure the safety and health of our employees, contractors, customers, and communities while protecting the planet. These core values are reflected in our sustainability strategy and goals because, ultimately, the most valuable and enduring business outcomes are the ones that enable people and the planet to thrive together. In 2021 we prioritized acting on climate with an 10% reduction in our GHG emissions, completed our Scope 3 inventory, announced our first significant renewable electricity purchase, and joined the RE100 Global Initiative. We advanced our water stewardship goal by joining the Water Resilience Coalition and signing the CEO Water Mandate as well as introducing new innovations and tools to help others with their water stewardship efforts. And, while the ongoing pandemic continued to present health risks and other challenges, our employees continued to deliver strong safety performance in the top 25% of our peer companies.
Empower people to thrive. 
The empower pillar of our sustainability strategy addresses the needs we have as individuals and collective global communities for health, wellbeing, purpose, opportunity, and connection. It is closely linked to our company purpose to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive. Foundational in our core values and sustainability strategy is a commitment to treat our employees, customers and partners with professionalism, dignity, and respect, fostering an environment where people can contribute, innovate, and excel. At DuPont, we strive to be an employer of choice, providing employees with professional and personal opportunities and the ability to shape and contribute to our company purpose, strategy, and performance. We pursue initiatives that enhance the health and well-being of our employees, communities, and the world around us. During 2021 we increased our focus on advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I), while continuing to support our employees and communities. In our annual survey, 74% of employees agree that DuPont values diverse perspectives, treats employees fairly, and has an inclusive environment. Additionally, 81% of employees report strong manager support for flexibility and hybrid work and 75% believe that DuPont cares about their well-being. And we advanced our community impact by funding more than 450 charitable projects with a focus on basics to thrive, STEM education, and innovations for good across 29 countries in 2021, impacting more than 3.5 million lives since 2020.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 7 2030 Sustainability Goals. 
Within our three strategic pillars, our nine 2030 Sustainability Goals continue to shape our innovation portfolio, our operations strategy, and our commitment to our people and communities. We designed the goals to be challenging—to provoke technical breakthroughs and new ideas for addressing society’s biggest challenges while also addressing the material sustainability topics most relevant to our businesses. Even as our business and product portfolios evolve, our sustainability strategy and goals remain critical to achieving our future growth. In 2021 we sharpened and advanced strategic actions across all nine goals, while accelerating action on three priority goals: Delivering solutions for global challenges, Acting on climate, and Accelerating diversity, equity, and inclusion.
In 2022 we’ll continue to advance our 2030 Sustainability Goals through the development of business and marketspecific strategies and continued work on KPIs and roadmaps. In order to focus our current and future efforts on the most important issues for our stakeholders, to develop effective management measures and make the right investment choices, we completed actions detailed in the next two sections in 2021. First, we refreshed DuPont’s ESG materiality assessment which affirmed and helped focus actions to advance our sustainability goals and related competencies. Second, we further integrated sustainability and ESG issues with our enterprise risk management process to inform and drive strategic alignment across our global businesses and functions.
Strategic pillars. 
Innovate. 
Protect. 
Empower 2030 Sustainability Goals. 
Innovate. 
Delivering solutions for global challenges: align 100% of our innovation portfolio to meaningfully advance the UN SDGs and create value for our customers. (SDG 3, 4, 6, 8, 9, 11, 12, 13)
Enabling a circular economy: integrate circular economy principles into our business models considering life cycle impacts in the markets we serve. (SDG 6, 12, 13)
Innovating safer by design: design 100% of our products and processes using sustainability criteria including the principles of green chemistry. (SDG 3, 12)
Protect. 
Acting on climate: reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 30%, including sourcing 60% of electricity from renewable energy by 2030, and deliver carbon neutral operations by 2050. (SDG 7, 13)
Leading water stewardship: implement holistic water strategies across our facilities, prioritizing manufacturing plants and communities in high-risk watersheds; and enable millions of people access to clean water through leadership in advancing water technology and enacting strategic partnerships. (SDG 6, 12)
Delivering world-class health and safety performance: advance and achieve safety performance that exceeds industry benchmarks by 2030 (SDG 3, 8)
Empower. 
Accelerating diversity, equity and inclusion: become one of the world’s most inclusive companies, with diversity well ahead of industry benchmarks. (SDG 5, 10)
Cultivating well-being and fulfillment: create a workplace where employees report high levels of well-being and fulfillment. (SDG 3, 8)
Building thriving communities: improve over 100 million lives through targeted social impact programs. (SDG 4, 6, 8, 10, 11)


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 8. 
Materiality assessment. 
GRI 102-42, GRI 102-44, GRI 102-46, GRI 102-47, GRI 102-49. 
In 2021 we reflected on the profound changes in the world, from the growing impacts of climate change to the challenges of living and working through a global pandemic, and the systemic aspects of diversity and equity. As a result, we focused our sustainability strategy to advance action on three of our 2030 goals: Delivering solutions for global challenges, Acting on climate, and Accelerating diversity, equity and inclusion. In addition, we undertook specific actions to review and update our materiality assessment and enterprise risk management process to better align with the world we live in today and the key challenges facing our customers and our global stakeholder community. The results of our work in 2021 reinforced the critical importance of our ongoing efforts to advance sustainable innovation, climate action, circularity, chemical stewardship, DE&I, and the interconnectedness of our global supply and value chains.
In 2021 we completed a coordinated, multi-stakeholder materiality assessment to renew our strategic sustainability priorities and to provide insight on the changing risk landscape. The assessment focused on updating risk assessments for material environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues and further integrating ESG within our enterprise risk management (ERM) process. The key actions taken in 2021 as part of our materiality assessment include an externally facilitated workshop, internal and external stakeholder engagements, and executive leadership review of key ESG risk integration within our ERM process.
One of the cornerstones of the materiality assessment was a set of workshops sponsored by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) aligned with COSOWBCSD guidance on applying enterprise risk management to ESG risk. The externally facilitated workshops brought together stakeholders and leaders from across DuPont’s global businesses and functions. The outcome was a holistic view of our most material ESG issues, aligned with feedback from investor-focused ratings agencies, and market-focused input from our global businesses, ranked according to impact, likelihood, and management preparedness.
In the second phase of our 2021 materiality assessment, we engaged 32 of our top global customers to gain insights into the sustainable innovations that matter most to their relationship with DuPont and their long-term business success. In our customer engagement exercise we evaluated the importance of 21 ESG factors aligned with our internal materiality assessment. The results reinforced the conclusions from our internal assessment and raised the importance of responsible procurement as a key sustainability risk and opportunity for DuPont and our customers.
This renewed materiality assessment resulted in an updated set of six near-term strategic ESG issues for our company: ɦ Sustainable Innovation ɦ Climate Change ɦ Circular Economy ɦ Chemical Stewardship ɦ Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) ɦ Responsible Procurement. 
The inclusion of DE&I and Responsible Procurement on the list reflects changes in societal expectations for corporations and increasing value chain accountability. Further, including DE&I reflects our core values, our commitment to our global workforce, and the impact it has on our science-based, high-performing culture. Four issues not in the updated list of six—Water stewardship, Health and safety performance, Employee well-being and fulfillment, and Building thriving communities—are core and strategic values for DuPont and our stakeholders and will remain in our nine 2030 Sustainability Goals.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 9. 
Enterprise risk management. 
One of the foundational elements of a robust sustainability strategy is the integration of material ESG issues within a company’s enterprise risk management (ERM) process. Material ESG issues, like other issues on the risk register, present financial risks and opportunities that must be identified and managed in order to ensure long-term business growth.
In 2020, DuPont conducted a management review of the company’s ERM process, including performing a maturity assessment on the current and desired future state, formalizing an internal governance structure to oversee the annual re-assessment and re-prioritization of enterprise level risks, and creating consistent framework, policies, and procedures for identifying and assessing enterprise level risks.
In 2021 we continued to improve our ERM process and methodology and updated top risks for 2022. We focused on process design, governance and accountability, and risk response planning. In the area of governance and accountability, we created an Enterprise Risk Management Team (ERMT) led by DuPont’s Chief Compliance Officer, with representation across the company’s global businesses and functions. To improve our risk response planning, we worked with external subject matter experts to develop risk scenarios, drivers, and mitigation measures.
In 2021, DuPont also worked to further integrate ESG risk in our ERM process, as detailed in this report’s Materiality section. The results of the COSO-WBCSD workshops and our renewed ESG materiality assessment were used by the Enterprise Risk Management Team to develop ESG-focused risk scenarios and to better understand strategic intersections with conventional risks. The outcome was improved visibility of key ESG risks, such as chemical stewardship and climate change, and better integration with enterprise and business strategy. In 2022, we plan to identify and monitor key risk indicators, identify intersections across risk topics, and develop additional coordination with other risk assessment functions to strengthen the fabric of our enterprise risk view.
Climate change was identified early in our sustainability journey as a key risk and opportunity for DuPont’s global businesses. In 2021 we took significant actions to align our governance and risk management processes with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). From an ERM perspective, we worked with external experts to conduct a climate change materiality assessment across our global businesses, from which we developed specific scenarios for material physical and transition risks. In 2022 we intend to further develop climate-related financial risk models against future climate scenarios and continue to integrate climate risk in our updated enterprise and business strategies. DuPont recognizes that the unique and evolving characteristics of climate risk, which include longer time horizons, changing magnitudes, and nonlinear dynamics, may require differential assessment and management strategies for each of our businesses and industry verticals.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 10. 
Sustainability governance. 
GRI 102-18. 
The DuPont Sustainability Leadership Council, chaired by the Vice President of Corporate Sustainability, Jane Schindewolf, oversees implementation of our sustainability strategy. Each of our nine goals has a dedicated leadership sponsor, who coordinates across the company to drive actions that enable sustainability and business success in their respective areas of expertise. The Council also includes leaders from businesses, corporate functions, and regions to ensure sustainability is deeply embedded in our business strategy and tightly aligned with our company purpose and actions. Each DuPont business also has a dedicated sustainability leader responsible for overseeing business and product-level sustainability efforts.
Ultimate responsibility for sustainability strategy resides with the Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer (CTSO), Alexa Dembek. The CTSO focuses on the intrinsic link between sustainability and innovation in our operating model and chairs the Sustainability Oversight Committee, a subset of DuPont’s Senior Leadership Team. Members of the Sustainability Oversight Committee are strategically appointed based on their respective areas of leadership: corporate governance and finance, operational excellence, employee experience and development, innovation, and business oversight. The Sustainability Oversight Committee reviews and approves sustainability initiatives and policies and oversees the work of the Sustainability Leadership Council. The CTSO reports directly to the CEO and, together with DuPont’s Chief Operations and Engineering Officer, routinely engages with the DuPont Board of Directors Environment, Health, Safety, & Sustainability (EHS&S) Committee and the full Board on ESG and sustainability matters.
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of ESG risks and opportunities. Oversight of ESG-related risks and opportunities is assigned across all four Board subcommittees. Discussion of ESG and Sustainability topics occurred at each full Board meeting in 2021.
Management and Board oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities is embedded in the above governance processes. In 2021, an enterprise-level climate strategy sponsor was designated to lead implementation of our Acting on Climate goal, including the development of roadmaps to meet our climate targets, and the engagement of our global businesses on operations and market-focused climate strategies. At the executive leadership level, DuPont’s Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer and Chief Operations and Engineering Officer are responsible for performance against our climate goals, engaging on climaterelated matters routinely with the CEO and the EHS&S Committee of the Board.
In 2021, we developed and implemented the addition of a Sustainability Modifier to our annual employee Short-Term Incentive Program (STIP)1 to enhance accountability for sustainability across our organization. This underscores our commitment to sustainability and encourages employee participation and progress toward advancing our 2030 goals. The new Sustainability modifier can be used to enhance or curtail employee incentive payouts up to +/- 10% with the approval of the People and Compensation Committee of the Board. In 2021 the modifier enhanced focus on three of our goals—Delivering solutions to global challenges, acting on climate, and DE&I.
More on the Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability (EHS&S); People & Compensation; Nomination & Governance; and Audit Committee Charters and respective ESG oversight responsibilities can be accessed at investors.dupont.com.
1 STIP is a management discretionary annual incentive program for most. 
DuPont employees. Employees not covered under this program are generally eligible and included in other local or sales incentive programs. The company reserves the right to change, modify, or discontinue the program at its discretion, subject to applicable law, and to adjust any payout factor or any individual award as it deems appropriate.
Board of Directors. 
Board Committees : ɦ Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability ɦ People & Compensation ɦ Nomination & Governance ɦ Audit. 
The Board oversees the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of ESG risks and opportunities to ensure long-term growth. Oversight of ESG-related risks and opportunities is managed across the appropriate Board Committees.
Executive Team. 
Strategic Leadership Team (SLT) sponsored by CEO and supported by CTSO. 
Responsible for company strategy and performance, including integration of sustainability and ESG strategy, goals and investment for long-term value creation. Directly engages with the Board of Directors on ESG strategy and performance.
Executive Sponsors. 
Sustainability executive oversight committee chaired by CTSO. 
Strategically chosen executives representing corporate governance, finance, operations, HR, innovation and business. The sponsors review and approve sustainability strategy, policies, positions, resourcing and oversee the work of the Sustainability Leadership Council.
Sustainability Leadership Council. 
Cross-functional leadership team, chaired by VP of Sustainability, focused on delivering 2030 Sustainability Goals. 
The Council ensures sustainability is aligned with our company purpose and deeply embedded in our strategies and actions. Dedicated leaders for each 2030 Sustainability Goal coordinate with business, functional and regional leads to drive progress and results.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 11. 
Stakeholder engagement. 
GRI 102-40, GRI 102-43. 
We routinely engage directly with our customers, investors, suppliers, and other stakeholders on sustainability to ensure they have accurate, credible information about our company and to communicate how we’re considering their priorities in our strategy. We engage government stakeholders in the United States, Europe, and China primarily through meetings with elected EU, national, state, provincial, and local officials, and by participating in forums with high levels of involvement by government representatives.
Customers. 
We talk with our customers often to get a better understanding of their needs, priorities, and how we can work together for the benefit of all. We know our customers have high product safety and quality expectations and so we maintain ISO 9001 certifications at more than 90% of our manufacturing operations and provide specialized product quality certifications for the rest. As their suppliers, our customers value our GHG and energy reduction efforts as well as more sustainable innovations that might help them meet their sustainability goals. We use their feedback to inform our innovation platforms and respond to their sustainability and product disclosure requests. We also share our performance through the Ecovadis platform for easy reference.
Investors. 
Our investors know that innovation accelerates our top-line growth and is at the forefront of our ESG strategy to advance our 2030 sustainability goals and support our customer’s sustainability needs. We routinely engage with our investors directly on our sustainability performance via phone calls, emails, conferences, and in-person meetings as appropriate. Their priorities include ethics control, transparency in reporting, and engagement on key ESG interests. They value a business-integrated sustainability strategy that is aligned with our company purpose and growth strategy. We address their needs through annual ethics and compliance training and certification and by issuing our annual sustainability report in line with recognized GRI, SASB, and UNGC (United Nations Global Compact) standards. We respond to targeted disclosure requests from investor-focused rating and ranking agencies such as CDP, MSCI, Sustainalytics, and more.
Employees. 
Our employees around the world seek opportunities to influence and advance our company, business, and community sustainability initiatives. We routinely share information on our sustainability strategy, goals, and performance and how it all advances our company purpose and strategy through our intranet. We invite employees to join company, business, and site-specific networks to advance our goals and their local interests and we nurture a culture focused on sustainable value creation through signature events like the 2021 Global TechCon and Sustainability Olympics. In 2021 we developed a new online Sustainability Intelligence Plaza that shares sustainability news from DuPont customers, peers, and thought leaders to keep employees informed of sustainability trends and events.
Suppliers. 
Our suppliers are interested in sustainability-oriented business opportunities and want to understand and respond to our sustainability needs. We are expanding our global strategic supplier engagement program to advance progress on our sustainability, supplier diversity, and DE&I priorities. We are also expanding our supplier due diligence program to support our enterprise risk management goals and use enhanced data to make key supplier decisions. We communicate routinely with our suppliers and the unprecedented supply and logistics challenges of 2021 required even greater levels of collaboration and coordination. Working closely with our suppliers we were able to minimize the impact of these challenges on our businesses and build new capabilities for the future.
Communities and NGOs SASB RT-CH-530a.1. 
We seek collaborative partnerships that create shared value for the communities in which we operate and specific NGOs that align with our company purpose and strategy. In 2021, we supported more than 450 charitable projects globally through a variety of initiatives including financial resources, product donations, and physical and skills-based employee volunteerism. Through partnerships with Habitat for Humanity International, Water.org, and others, our products, funding, and volunteerism support local and global initiatives.
Additionally, we publish our Position Statements on our website, so stakeholders know where DuPont stands on key industry-related issues and global matters such as Climate Change, Human Rights, Product Safety and Transparency, and more. We commit to transparency and submit information about our climate and water performance to CDP, release a sustainability report following GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) and SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) standards, Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations and complete numerous stakeholder surveys and questionnaires.
Our EHS Commitment outlines our commitment to designing, building, operating, and maintaining our facilities to effectively manage process safety and other hazards and minimize process and product risks to the environment, our employees, and our local and global communities.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 12. 
External initiatives. 
GRI 102-12, GRI 102-13. 
DuPont endorses, participates, and partners with numerous organizations and industry associations to advance sustainability in the markets we serve and to increase our own ability to innovate sustainably. These relationships are supported at the corporate level and often initiated by a business or regional team to further advance their sustainability initiatives. In addition to our ongoing relationships with WBCSD and the UN Global Compact, we expanded our impact with increased partnerships in the climate and water sectors through the World Resources Institute Corporate Consultative Group, the Water Resilience Coalition, and others. We also contributed to the development of the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC) new sustainability metrics and helped create the CEFIC (the European Chemical Industry Council) Mid Century Vision, which sets out a path for robust sustainability in the European chemical industry by 2050.
Several examples of external initiatives we support are listed below and a full list can be found in the appendix section of this report.
ɦ UN Global Compact: Since 2001, our leadership has committed to aligning our operations and strategies with the ten principles of the UN Global Compact, which include areas like human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. The publication of this report is one way we fulfill this commitment.
ɦ World Business Council for Sustainable Development: brings together the CEOs of over 200 leading businesses to accelerate the transition to a sustainable world.
ɦ Responsible Care® Management System: DuPont leaders were among the first to adopt the ACC’s Responsible Care Codes of Management Practices. Since the late 1980s, DuPont has led efforts to expand Responsible Care to encompass advances such as security, public reporting of metrics, management systems certification, and sustainability.
ɦ CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™: a CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
ɦ RE100: brings together the world’s leading businesses committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity in their global operations by 2050.
ɦ CEO Water Mandate: a commitment to continuous improvement in six core areas of water stewardship practice.
ɦ WRI: DuPont is a member of the World Resources Institute (WRI) Corporate Consulting Group (CCG) which brings together over 30 global companies to advance business practices that mitigate climate risks and support sustainable growth.
ɦ Water Resilience Coalition: brings together companies and organizations committed to advancing net-positive water impact and reducing water stress by 2050.
ɦ Water.org: international nonprofit that has positively transformed millions of lives around the world and pioneers market-driven financial solutions to the global water crisis.
ɦ Operation Clean Sweep blue (OCS blue): a voluntary program of the American Chemistry Council and Plastics Industry Association to help achieve zero plastic resin loss in resin handling operations.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 13. 
Connecting with purpose Our company. 
GRI 102-1, GRI 102-2, GRI 102-3, GRI 102-5. 
DuPont de Nemours, Inc. is a publicly traded premier multi-industrial company based in Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America. We are a global innovation leader with technology-based materials, solutions, and expertise. Our purpose is to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive. Sustainability is both integral to how we deliver our purpose and an increasing part of our value creation strategy. We serve many essential and growing global markets including electronics, water, protection, industrial technologies, and next-generation automotive.
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 14. 
DuPont Experimental Station site at our Wilmington, DE headquarters.
Global businesses. 
GRI 102-4, GRI 102-7. 
Our employees are the heart of our company. Their close connection and collaboration with customers throughout our value chains and in the communities where we operate make a meaningful impact in the lives and businesses of people around the world. Never has that been more evident than in the last two years as our teams continued to safely run our plants, develop new products and new ways of working, and overcome unprecedented supply chain challenges related to the ongoing global pandemic.
As of December 31, 2021, we had about 28,0001 employees across 120 locations worldwide. Approximately 36 percent of employees were in Asia Pacific, 20 percent were in the EMEA, 2 percent were in Latin America, and 42 percent were in the US and Canada. We have subsidiaries in about 60 countries worldwide and manufacturing operations in about 25 countries.
1 Includes Laird Performance Materials acquisition employees. 
DuPont employees worldwide. 
Europe, Middle East, and Africa 20%
Asia Pacific 36%
US and Canada 42%
Latin America 2% 42% US and Canada 36% Asia Pacific 20% Europe, Middle East, and Africa 2% Latin America. 
DuPont at a glance 28,000 employees across 120 locations worldwide 60 countries worldwide with subsidiaries 25 countries worldwide with manufacturing operations


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 15. 
Our values. 
GRI 102-16. 
DuPont’s core values underpin everything we do as a company and guide every decision our employees make about their work. Our four core values demonstrate our commitment to our people and the planet and exemplify the way we operate. These values are foundational for a sustainability strategy that positions DuPont for long-term growth, strengthens and preserves our connection within local communities, and makes us the company of choice for the best and brightest talent. We routinely start DuPont meetings with a core value contact and many of our customers and other external stakeholders appreciate this ritual when we meet with them.
Safety and health. 
We’re committed to protecting the safety and health of our employees, our contractors, our customers, and the people in the communities where we operate.
Highest ethical behavior. 
We conduct ourselves in accordance with the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with all applicable laws, always striving to be a respected corporate citizen worldwide.
Respect for people. 
We treat our employees and all our partners with professionalism, dignity, and respect, fostering an environment where people can contribute, innovate, and excel.
Protecting the planet. 
We find science-enabled, sustainable solutions for our customers, always managing our businesses to protect the environment and preserve the earth’s natural resources—for today and for future generations.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 16. 
Our businesses. 
GRI 102-2, GRI 102-6, GRI 102-10. 
DuPont is structured to strategically focus our expertise on solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges and we continue to take steps to enhance our portfolio to maximize growth and value for employees, customers, and shareholders. In 2021, major changes in our portfolio included the integration of four acquired companies in our Water Solutions business, separation of the Nutrition & Biosciences (N&B) segment, the acquisition of Laird Performance Materials, which became part of our Electronics & Industrial segment, and the acquisition of Core Matrix™ Technology and MaxLife Industries ArmorWall business in our Water and Protection segment1.
DuPont total net sales in 2021 were $16.7 billion (B) including the following results by key reporting segments: ɦ Electronics & Industrial ($5.6B in annual sales) serves the global semiconductor, circuit board, display, digital and flexographic printing, healthcare, aerospace, industrial, and transportation industries with innovative materials and solutions. DuPont acquired Laird Performance Materials in July of 2021 into the E&I segment. In November 2021 we signed a definitive agreement to purchase Rogers Corporation and look forward to welcoming these employees to our E&I segment in 2022, subject to regulatory approvals, and customary closing conditions.
1 More on our portfolio and how these changes are reflected in this report can be found in the Reporting Scope section on page 80.
ɦ Mobility & Materials2 ($5.0B in annual sales) delivers materials to the automotive, electronics, industrial, consumer, medical, photovoltaic, and telecom industries. We provide high-performance engineering polymers, resins, adhesives, and specialty pastes and films to enable material systems solutions.
ɦ Water & Protection ($5.6B in annual sales) delivers materials and solutions that protect, shelter, and enhance lives through our high-performance fibers and foams, aramid papers, non- woven structures, water purification technologies, and protective garments. This business markets some our best-known brands including Kevlar®, Nomex®, Tyvek®, Styrofoam™, Corian®, and Great Stuff™. In 2021 we added CoreMatrix™ Technology and MaxLife Industries’ ArmorWall business to this segment.
More information about our organization, corporate governance, Board of Directors composition, operational structure, markets served, and geographical footprint as of December 31, 2021, is available in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, as updated by our subsequent current and periodic reports, and in our 2022 Proxy Statement, available at investors.dupont.com.
2 The Mobility & Materials segment is included in this report reflecting our 2021 portfolio. On February 18, 2022, DuPont announced that it entered into definitive agreements to divest a majority of its Mobility & Materials segment, excluding certain Advanced Solutions and Performance Resins businesses, to Celanese Corporation.
Supplier and value chain relationships. 
GRI 102-9. 
DuPont works with about 100,000 suppliers worldwide and in 2021 we spent approximately $11.9 billion across these suppliers. We spent $380 million on energy globally and about $395 million with 2,200 small and diverse suppliers across the United States. DuPont serves multiple industries, and our supply and value chains vary significantly from one end market to the next. We partner with suppliers from over 94 countries who provide materials, distribution services, utility and waste management services, consulting services, and more. Last year brought unprecedented supply chain and logistics challenges for DuPont, our suppliers, and our customers. From COVID lockdowns to the Texas freeze, Suez Canal blockage, and multiple supply chain and operational constraints, managing raw material supply was a top priority for our Procurement team. By leveraging strategic relationships, adding additional suppliers, and finding alternative shipping methods we minimized the impact of these challenges. Our procurement team even helped some of our suppliers secure their raw materials, so they could continue their manufacturing to meet our needs. The team worked closely with our sites regarding anticipated deliveries and shortages to maintain production so that we could, in turn, maintain supply continuity for our customers.
Our DuPont businesses sell and deliver their products and services through various complex global value chains to customers in 137 countries. Most businesses sell advanced material ingredients and technology solutions to one or more interim converters and manufacturers who then deliver a final product to the intended end use. Throughout the value chain, DuPont colleagues connect and collaborate to deliver innovation, advise on the proper use of our products, and share expertise and insights to enable more sustainable growth for our company and our customers.
More information on our expectations of our suppliers can be found in the Ethics section of this report as well as in our DuPont Supplier Code of Conduct on our website.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 17. 
Awards and recognition. 
Innovate for good. 
New Froth-Pak™ Spray Foam Froth-Pak received the American Chemistry Council (ACC)— Sustainability Leadership Award & the Adhesive and Sealant Council (ASC) Innovation Award. 
Our newly enhanced Froth-Pak™ formulation utilizes a blowing agent package that achieves a reduction in global warming potential (GWP) of more than 99% as compared to blowing agents used in past formulations, while maintaining product insulation and sealing performance.
Sustainability Product of the Year for B-Free™ for the Business Intelligence Group. 
Our B-Free™ technology is used in reverse osmosis (RO) water treatment systems and provides a number of sustainability benefits including life extension of RO membrane elements and a reduction of CO2 emissions and treatment chemicals.
R&D 100 Award—Delrin Renewable Attributed. 
Our Delrin® Renewable Attributed products demonstrate up to 75 percent reduction in GWP compared to fossil-based Delrin®.
Six Employees received Edison Awards for Excellent Women in Engineering & our BETAFORCE™ 2800 Thermally Conductive Adhesive received the Edison Award for Sustainability Category of EV Battery Assembly (Silver Medal Winner)
Six female DuPont engineers were honored with Edison Awards in 2021. Additionally, our BETAFORCE™ 2800 adhesive product received a silver Edison Award for its contribution to the vehicle electrification space.
International Desalination Association (IDA) “Industry Technology and Innovation Award” for Minimum Liquid Discharge solution for industrial water recycling. 
Our Minimum Liquid Discharge solution was accoladed as an effective and efficient approach to industrial water recycling that reduces the barriers for producers to sustainably conserve water resources.
Protect people and the planet. 
Korea Technology Center & Seoul Office recognized with KOSHA Awards in Safety and Health Excellence. 
The Korea Occupational Safety & Health Agency (KOSHA) serves to protect the health and safety of Korean workers.
OxyMem™ Named one of Nine Winners of Ofwat’s £36m Water Breakthrough Challenge. 
OxyMem™ MABR technology will be used in the Anglian Water Triple Carbon Reduction project to support water and wastewater customers in England and Wales. The project aims to effectively and safely treat and return water to the environment using significantly less energy and lower greenhouse gas emissions than traditional treatment systems.
DuPont Semiconductor Technologies Hsinchu Site II in Taiwan was honored with the Green Chemistry Application & Innovation Award from the Taiwan Environmental Protection Administration (EPA)
The Green Chemistry Award program encourages innovative research and development of low-pollution, low-toxicity “green” chemistry alternatives, and the implementation of hazard prevention management.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 18. 
Empower people to thrive. 
CEO Champions for Change 2021—Catalyst. 
Ed Breen was recognized among a group of CEOs publicly pledging to advance more women, particularly women of color, into senior leadership positions and onto their boards.
Forbes World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies List 2021. 
In its inaugural ranking, Forbes identified companies leading the way to support women inside and outside of the workforce.
Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion 2021—100% Disability Equality Index score. 
Disability:IN and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) score companies on a comprehensive Disability Equality Index benchmarking tool.
Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2021—Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index, 100% score. 
The Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index is a primary driving force for LGBTQ+ workplace inclusion.
See our full list of awards and recognitions in the Appendix.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 19. 
Letter from our Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer. 
The power of connection to drive scale and impact. 
Right now, we’re living in the most interconnected world we’ve ever known. Each one of us is linked in some way—by society, culture, opportunity or need; there’s an endless list of possibilities. These connections are incredibly powerful tools that spark innovation and transformation. At DuPont, our deep understanding of science and technology and close collaboration with customers enables us to create sustainable solutions that have the potential to change the world. Through a profound connection to purpose, empowering the world with the essential innovations to thrive, we’re inspired to take on some of the world’s most pressing challenges and create a lasting impact for this generation and many more to follow.
Our 2030 Sustainability Goals have been a focal point of our company since 2019 and are embedded in everything we do. It’s evidenced in this year’s sustainability report, which tells a story of collaborative networks and progress across our nine goals, with significant impact in three areas—innovation, climate, and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). Highlights from the report include: ɦ Connecting with our customers: To accelerate speed and impact, we aligned our sustainability actions with areas of greatest importance to our customers through a needsbased assessment, creating a more focused and direct link to solving sustainability challenges across the value chains in the industries and end-markets we serve. For example, mobile device antennas made with DuPont’s Pyralux® polyimide laminate solutions tackle the dual challenges of delivering high signal fidelity at high frequencies while significantly improving manufacturing yields, reducing industrial waste and lowering cost to make 5G phones more affordable.
ɦ Connecting with our communities: Despite the challenges of COVID-19, employees at our operating sites around the world continue to be active in communities where they live and work, including more than 450 charitable projects in 2021 contributing to impacting more than 3.5 million lives since 2020.
ɦ Connecting with industry partners: We partner with organizations around the world in support of global sustainability initiatives. In 2021, we joined RE100, a global initiative that brings together 320 of the world’s leading businesses committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity in their global operations by 2050. We’re also continuing our work as a member of the CEO Climate Dialogue, a collaboration between large companies and NGOs working together to advance effective climate legislation in the United States.
ɦ Connecting with suppliers: We’ve long been committed to supplier diversity as an essential business strategy and seek out opportunities for small businesses, minority-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, disabled-owned, LGBTQ+ owned, among others. In 2021, we spent approximately $395 million with 2,200 small and diverse suppliers in the US.
ɦ Connecting to our future: We offer employees the ability to contribute meaningfully, through challenging experiences, flexible work practices and an open environment of mutual respect. We understand that our future is predicated on what we do now to foster an inclusive culture, and our leadership team is deeply involved in championing our employee resource groups, expanding their global participation, and identifying intersections. Our future also relies on attracting diverse and underrepresented talent. Throughout the year, we enhanced our existing relationships with historically black colleges and universities, minority serving institutions, and STEM and diversity organizations. Our DE&I commitment is intertwined at the most fundamental level with our Core Values and talent management philosophy.
I’m incredibly proud of our team for their accomplishments and grateful for the insights and partnership from multiple stakeholders around the world. While our report is a look back in time, we know the world is constantly changing and to be successful, we have to learn even faster. We’re looking beyond today and well into the emerging needs of the future to identify gaps and opportunities. That’s why our report includes new additions like the climate Scope 3 emissions narrative and data as well the TCFD Index on climate risk assessment and preparedness. We’ve conducted external performance assessments, revised our Enterprise Risk Management strategy, enhanced our governance practices, directed materiality assessments, and engaged our stakeholders for powerful insights. All of this information and more directs our 2022 priorities for swift and precise action, now.
While we’re proud of all we accomplished last year, we recognize there’s much more we need to do. Commitment runs deep within our company, starting at the very heart of why we exist, our purpose. I encourage you to read the report to learn more about our contributions and I invite you to connect with us to discover what we can do together. I speak for all of us at DuPont when I say we’re excited, energized and incredibly honored to be part of this work.
Alexa Dembek Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 20. 
Connected for tomorrow Innovate for good. 
The UN SDGs paint a bold vision for a just and sustainable world by 2030. Success requires commitment and investment from all companies and governments including unprecedented levels of connection and collaborative innovation across and between sectors. At DuPont we commit to using our innovation expertise to work on important and valuable market-based challenges aligned with the UN SDGs. Our innovation strategy advanced significantly in 2021 to ensure healthy core businesses by increasing relevance in existing value chains with new products and applications, and by extending into high growth markets with unmet and valued sustainability challenges.
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 21. 
In 2021, we prioritized sharpening insights into customers’ sustainability-driven innovation needs. Our approach was to engage in a disciplined process with strategic customers and end users around the world to better understand their needs and to strengthen our innovation platforms directly linked to solving sustainability challenges in the industries and markets we serve. We recognize the need for agility and the urgency of addressing connectivity and digital solutions, climate change, access to clean water and healthcare, resource efficiency and sustainable production. The feedback from our customers, together with insights from multiple external stakeholders, helped align our innovation platforms for greatest impact and increased investment. The diagram to the right summarizes our strategic growth choices into established (5) and emerging (3) innovation platforms that align to specific SDGs and our global customers’ most pressing needs.
In addition to our innovation portfolio choices, we’re taking action by increasing critical science-based competencies such as lifecycle assessment (LCA), circular design and green chemistry, and by further embedding sustainability in our enterprise and business innovation strategies.
These innovation platforms support the three goals of our Innovate pillar: Delivering solutions for global challenges, enabling a circular economy, and innovating safer by design, as well as our other goals and actions to create a more sustainable world. Throughout this report we include examples of DuPont colleague’s expertise, passion, and ingenuity in action.
For more Innovate for good case studies, visit our website.
DuPont innovation platforms. 
Established platforms. 
Clean water. 
Solutions for global water challenges for purification, conservation and reuse ɦ Water Optimization ɦ High value separations. 
Personal protection. 
Advanced multi-threat protection with optimal comfort and durability ɦ Industrial workers ɦ Front-line responders ɦ Military Personnel. 
Advanced mobility. 
Solutions to enable electric and smart vehicles, solving critical challenges in ɦ Thermal management ɦ Battery assembly ɦ Connectivity. 
High performance computing. 
High speed data solutions that deliver high signal integrity by enabling ɦ Advanced nodes ɦ Packaging architecutures ɦ Printed circuit board (PCB) designs. 
High frequency connectivity. 
Device & infrastructure connectivity solutions for fast, relianle transmission of vast quantities of data ɦ High signal integrity ɦ High bandwidth (data)
Emerging platforms. 
Applied healthcare solutions. 
Advanced material solutions that enable ɦ Single use systems ɦ Drug delivery ɦ Sterile packaging. 
Sustainable and productive construction. 
Integrated building envelope solutions that enable ɦ Energy effciency and weatherization ɦ Durability and fire resilience ɦ Build cycle reduction and quality install. 
Internet of things. 
Display and wireless solutions that enable transformational improvement in ɦ User interface ɦ Machine learning ɦ Augmented reality


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 22. 
Q&A. 
Shawn Hunter, Global Sustainability Leader, DuPont Water & Protection. 
What excites you about your role as Sustainability Leader in the Performance Building Solutions & Corian® Design business?
There are so many things that excite me about my role and our sustainability work! It’s a privilege to be able to work with so many colleagues who are passionate about advancing sustainability through their work, and we’ve seen that excitement materialize more and more in the market—the pull for sustainability from our customers has never been stronger. Also, the work we’ve done in our business to activate our sustainability DNA by defining our sustainability strategy, and the alignment that we have within our business leadership, is making it more actionable and easier for our team to understand and get involved. That’s one of the most exciting things, seeing the passion the people in our business have for this work.
How has your team’s innovation helped advance DuPont’s sustainability goals?
Our awesome innovators have delivered some incredible innovations recently that are enabling huge reductions in embodied carbon and GHG emissions associated with our Styrofoam™ Brand Insulation and Froth-Pak™ Spray Foam products. Not only are these innovations helping our customers advance their climate goals, but they also drive significant GHG reduction for our company. I’m super proud of the teams that made this happen and thrilled to see the Low GWP Froth-Pak™ Spray Foam innovation recognized with ACC (American Chemistry Council) and ASC (Adhesives and Sealant Council) awards last year.
Can you share more about how we create value for customers through sustainability?
In the Performance Building Solutions & Corian® Design business, our customers are looking for innovation that helps them drive the transition to sustainability in the built environment. We can help the most with climate, circularity, and solutions that are safer by design. On climate, for example, we will continue to innovate for lower embodied carbon solutions and provide energy efficiency solutions that help drive total carbon of buildings to zero. Sustainability is core to our innovation strategy, and we will continue to seek partners and collaborators who are eager to work toward our shared vision. We’ve seen some great examples of mutual customer value creation based on sustainability, and our continued focus here will lead to even more innovation and sustainability win-wins in the future.
What’s next for you and your team?
We’ve made some great progress recently which we shared with our customers in our inaugural Performance Building Solutions & Corian® Design Sustainability Update and we have much more to do. With our vision set and strategy articulated, we are working to further activate and nurture the sustainability DNA in our organization to accelerate progress against our goals and cultivate a broader ownership of sustainability throughout the organization. We also need to drive capability development around sustainability, helping our team better understand what it looks like to innovate for the circular economy or how to apply green chemistry to develop a solution that is safer by design, for example. Already today we have some pretty cool projects in the pipeline that are aimed to advance all our innovation sustainability goals, and I can’t wait until we are able to share more about each of them!


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 23. 
Goal. 
Delivering solutions for global challenges. 
Align 100% of our innovation portfolio to meaningfully advance the UN SDGs and create value for our customers 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Advanced the value creation potential and speed to market for our sustainability innovation platform and operations projects based on direct customer feedback and insights on climate, circularity, safer by design, water stewardship, and responsible procurement ɦ Created an employee toolkit including ESG highlights, case studies, and improved disclosure capability to better engage and support solutions to customer sustainability needs ɦ Continued to accelerate culture change and build critical science-based competencies such as lifecycle assessment (LCA), circular design, and green chemistry, to advance and quantify the sustainability impact of our innovations for good ɦ Several 2021 award-winning innovations including, B-free™ technology for water treatment systems, a new building solutions Froth-Pak™ foam formulation that achieves 99% reduction in global warming potential, and BETAFORCE™ 2800 adhesive product for vehicle electrification


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 24. 
Advancing sustainable innovation. 
In 2021, we continued to improve our agility and discipline to drive sustainable innovation outcomes across our innovation platforms, businesses, and global value chains. Part of the work involved advancing critical science-based competencies such as lifecycle assessment (LCA) through strategic external partnerships and customer engagement. The capability to assess, innovate, and communicate the sustainability benefits of our products across our innovation platforms is important for our external stakeholders and our own innovation teams. In addition, we worked to embed tools and processes that advance sustainable innovation at all levels of our organization, so that each of our unique businesses have the insight and ability to develop impactful sustainability strategies that address the specific challenges facing their customers and markets. In 2022, we intend to bring innovation insights and assessments together in a portfolio sustainability assessment (PSA) process that will enable DuPont to better track progress against our sustainable innovation 2030 goals.
Insight from strategic customer engagement. 
In 2021, we completed multiple focused customer engagements with direct and end use customers to accelerate our learning, widen the opportunity space to create value and refine our sustainable innovation priorities. We used the same set of environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues from our materiality assessment to gain insight from customers on their most important and valuable innovation challenges. The insights come from over 30 leading sustainability-driven customers representing multiple end markets including automotive, semiconductors, water, protection, consumer electronics, industrial and more.
Overall, the results confirmed that our 2030 Sustainability Goals are as important to our customers as they are to our DuPont operations, communities, and employees. In addition to the climate-adaptive solutions DuPont provides to various end markets, in 2021 we joined RE100, completed a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) to add renewable energy to the North American grid, and made specific business-level commitments to procure renewable electricity. In 2021, our Interconnect Solutions (ICS) business, which is part of the Electronics & Industrial (E&I) business, set a business ambition of Zero by 2030, with the goal of reaching carbon neutral operations for the global ICS business segment by 2030. As of September 2021, the ICS business achieved the equivalent of 95 percent of global operations powered with renewable electricity.
Innovation for good case studies. 
DuPont innovations continue to positively impact the world, helping our customers and society tackle strategic global challenges. The following case studies exemplify our spirit of innovation and our science-based approach to innovate for good.
For more case studies visit our report website.
Case study. 
Climate innovation enabling renewable energy. 
The largest source of GHG emissions from human activity in the United States is the burning of fossil fuels for electricity, heat and transportation. Electricity production generates the second-largest share of GHG emissions, accounting for 25% of total annual emissions. As the world seeks to power everything from smartphones to electric vehicles with lithium-ion batteries, traditional lithium brine extraction processes have presented environmental challenges—from the heavy use of chemicals to large requirements for water. In 2021, DuPont Water Solutions began a collaboration with Vulcan Energy Resources, a lithium and renewable energy project developer, to test and scale up Direct Lithium Extraction technologies for Vulcan’s world-first Zero Carbon Lithium® extraction process. We will leverage our portfolio of Direct Lithium Extraction products and process solutions to help Vulcan Energy produce battery-quality lithium hydroxide from its geothermal brine with minimal environmental disruption. DuPont Water Solutions has several other projects in different stages of development to make the mining, development, and recycling of global lithium resources more sustainable.
In addition to our work to enable lithium-ion batteries, DuPont has a long history of enabling solar energy generation. Harnessing abundantly available solar energy to generate electricity is an important tool in reducing the GHG emissions that contribute to global climate change. With solar installations increasing around the world, total global solar capacity has reached over 700 gigawatts. DuPont™ Tedlar® materials provide critical, life-extending protection to photovoltaic modules, safeguarding the solar panel and enabling long-term system performance for 30 years or more.
over 205 gigawatts of solar panels with Tedlar®-based backsheets have been installed across the globe since 2004


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 25. 
Case study. 
Innovation enabling reliable 5G connectivity and high-performance computing. 
High frequency 5G devices and infrastructure are the foundation of today’s connected world. High frequency connectivity is a critical enabler of UN SDGs related to work, quality education, public safety, health, and well-being. DuPont innovations are at the center of enabling high frequency connectivity including electromagnetic interference shielding products that prevent cross-talk and antenna materials that receive and transmit high frequency, high bandwidth signals.
Mobile device antennas made with DuPont’s Pyralux® polyimide laminate solutions tackle the dual challenges of delivering high signal fidelity at high frequencies (>6GHz) while significantly improving manufacturing yields, reducing industrial waste and lowering cost to make 5G phones more affordable. Versus traditional antenna materials, the superior, relative performance of the DuPont Pyralux® improves as frequencies increase, which is important as telecom providers move from first generation 5G technologies operating at 6GHz to next generation 5G technologies operating at frequencies of 28GHz (mmWave) and above. Additionally, DuPont engineers and scientists continue to innovate the Pyralux® product line for increased sustainability, such as transitioning to recycled copper foil to lower footprint, while ensuring that high frequency connectivity needs for work, school, and safety will be met now and well into the future.
DuPont Semiconductor Technology innovations are fundamental to delivering the advanced node and advanced architectures of today’s cutting-edge logic and memory devices, enabling them to be 5 times more power efficient than just 7 years ago. DuPont CMP pads and slurries ensure ultra-low defect wafers (flatness and uniformity) while photoresists, advanced cleans, etchants, and metallization products deliver fine line features and packaging materials that protect and enable heat flow out of chipsets. DuPont’s materials also enable the shrink (miniaturization), stack, and heterogenous integration strategies that chip manufacturers need to take Moore’s Law to the next level—delivering more computing power while consuming less power per bit, at a cost that makes the benefits of the digital technologies more accessible to all.
Case study. 
Water innovation for more effective and sustainable desalination. 
Globally, more than 300 million people now get at least some of their water from desalination plants. Some of the largest challenges to further expanding desalination efforts are the cost-intensive plant operation and the hazardous saltwater brine created from the chemicals and salt that remain after the reverse osmosis process. In 2021, DuPont Water Solutions was awarded a three-year grant from PUB, Singapore’s National Water Agency on behalf of Singapore National Research Foundation, to determine how Desalitech™ Closed Circuit Reverse Osmosis (CCRO) technology can make their purification and reuse of brackish water and seawater more energy efficient, flexible, and reliable. In general, CCRO offers 90-98% water recovery with reduced energy usage and superior biofouling resistance.
DuPont Water Solutions is also the first and only supplier to offer dry-tested seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) membranes. “Dry” elements increase membrane shelf life, offer more flexible storage options, and require fewer chemicals. These dry elements are lighter weight delivering shipping-related GHG emissions savings equivalent to 7 million auto miles driven for a typical large-scale desalination plant installation. We’re also working with Waterise on a completely new approach to desalination, using subsea desalination technology, which use the natural hydrostatic pressure found at the depths of the sea to run the process, reducing the energy requirements by 40%. Subsea desalination also requires 80% less coastal land than terrestrial plants, requires fewer pretreatment chemicals, and eliminates the discharge of concentrated brine into coastal waters.
DuPont Water Solutions won the Innovation of the Year award at the 2021 Appliance & Electronics World Expo for TapTec™, a high-flux RO membrane that improved water permeability by ~30% by balancing the element’s active area efficiency and size. 
Desalination plants around the world depend on durable DuPont™ reverse osmosis and ultrafiltration membranes.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 26. 
Goal. 
Enabling a circular economy. 
GRI 301-103. 
Integrate circular economy principles into our business models considering life cycle impacts in the markets we serve 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Reduced carbon footprints of our products, for example Delrin® Renewable Attributed R&D 100 award winner ɦ Reduced waste in our operations and along the value chain by diverting 1,230 metric tons of material from landfill and upcycling into higher value applications—a 51% increase over prior year ɦ 71% of our sites have 4R (reduce, reuse, recycle & recover) programs. 
Maximizing the circularity of a product throughout its lifecycle is quite complex, with different considerations at each stage and for each market where a material is used. The road to a truly circular economy will require unprecedented processes and collaboration to understand and overcome the barriers to adopting circular techniques. Industry-standard methodologies are still being formed requiring customers, suppliers, and others in the ecosystem to connect and create tailored solutions to meet the needs of each product and industry.
Progress against our goal of Enabling a Circular Economy is integral to advancing our Delivering Solutions to Global Challenges, Acting on Climate, Leading Water Stewardship, and Safer by Design goals. Through our technical expertise, we seek to discover and commercialize new ways to divert waste, scrap, or unused materials from landfill and transform or repurpose waste into higher-value applications for truly circular processes. DuPont’s portfolio already includes many technologies developed specifically to reuse material—one of the fundamentals of a circular economy. We continue to pursue waste reduction solutions, new beneficial uses of waste, and recycling options for our customers and our own operations.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 27. 
In 2021, we established a market engagement campaign to understand our customers’ critical sustainable innovation needs, calling out circularity as a key focus of inquiry. Feedback confirmed that enhancing circularity is one of our customers’ top concerns, and that “circularity” has different focus areas, challenges, and solutions, depending on the market segment. We used this input to address three circularity challenges which will be incorporated into our innovation, operations, and new business models in 2022 to ensure we prioritize the best solutions to meet key global markets’ evolving needs. We will partner with others along the value chain to refine methodologies and solutions to embed circular economy principles into our processes. These three circularity challenges are:
Reduce carbon footprint. 
Reduce waste in our operations and across our value chains. 
Design for circularity with our customers. 
DuPont second life materials. 
GRI 301-3. 
DuPont Second Life Materials (2LM) has unique capabilities to explore, incubate, and accelerate the transition of our businesses from linear to circular models. DuPont’s innovative materials often retain their inherent performance properties and benefits even after initial use. To leverage these attributes, the 2LM team works closely across our businesses and customers to identify opportunities to develop and deliver technical solutions that simultaneously reduce waste to landfill at the end of life and realize financial benefits. Additionally, we worked to refine our processes, capabilities, and scope to expand our impact and implement more circular business models going forward. This should lead to additional growth from new and adjacent applications in the years to come.
In 2021, 2LM partnered with various businesses to divert approximately 1,230 metric tons of material from landfill and upcycle it into new applications and markets. This represents a 51% increase vs. 2020. The chart below demonstrates how 2LM prevents waste by redirecting scrap materials into new products.
Second life materials scrap diverted from landfill (metric tons)1 1 The scrap that Second Life Materials has diverted from landfill and upcycled is above and beyond the 4R production waste programs mentioned in the next section. 
Striving for zero waste. 
GRI 306-103, 306-1, 306-2. 
Throughout DuPont, we share a vision to attain “zero waste” operations. We are working to define and implement solutions for each of our sites—not only inside our plants, but also across the complete lifecycle of the products we make. And by working closely with our partners, we’re already achieving early promising results.
By 2030, we aim to have 4R (Reduce, Reuse, Repurpose, Recycle) waste management and reduction programs at all of our sites. Prioritizing sites on the basis of waste volume, hazard, and reclaim value, we identified our top 10 sites and began developing specific milestones for reducing hazardous waste at these sites. In 2021, 71% of our sites had 4R programs in place. We plan to extend to non-hazardous waste improvements in 2022 and will examine the feasibility of replicating programs that show early success across our other operations.
Our waste reduction efforts build on years of continuous improvement driven by the ISO 14001 certification process, by our strategic examination of commercial 4R opportunities, and by external and internal standards. One such standard, the DuPont Waste Management Facility Selection standard, defines our practices related to the handling and disposal of process-related waste.
We’ve made a global commitment to implement Operation Clean Sweep blue (OCS blue) to prevent the discharge of plastics into marine and freshwater environments. Read more about our OCS blue commitment in our Leading Water Stewardship section.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 28. 
Case study. 
Healthcare circular economy. 
The healthcare industry requires a broad spectrum of materials to manufacture packaging solutions for medical device, diagnostic, and pharmaceutical products. Reduction of packaging waste is an increasingly important topic for the industry as it seeks to achieve a circular economy. In 2021, DuPont partnered with one of our medical product manufacturers to design a Tyvek® packaging solution that addresses industry and consumer needs while having a measurable, positive impact on our shared sustainability goals. The customer wanted to optimize the design and packaging of their IV sets, which are used to deliver different liquid infusion therapies, including nutrients, pain management, anesthesia, and more.
The infusion sets presented unique challenges for the packaging engineering team due to the varied structure of the components included in the kits—soft, long, tubing and alternatively rigid and potentially sharp components, all need to be encapsulated in one flexible, light-weight package. After extensive evaluation and testing, the team found that a combination of DuPont™ Tyvek® 1059B and formable coextruded nylon film provided the right balance of strength, durability, and manufacturability.
The new package design and materials selection enabled up to 33% reduction in packaging surface area while maintaining performance. These changes also realized up to 30% more production throughput due to more packages per pallet load, with no compromise to the sterile integrity of the product. Increased packing density also reduced transportation and distribution costs.
Sustainability across the lifecycle. 
By using Tyvek®, there are opportunities at every stage of a product’s lifecycle to improve sustainability. 
Materials selection and packaging design. 
A novel, compact design utilizing uncoated Tyvek®1059B with a nylon bottom web enables device integrity and peace of mind by providing best-in-class puncture resistance, abrasion resistance and clean peel.
Production and handling 30% higher production and sterilization throughput through higher processing speeds, shorter changeover times and the ability to fit more units per pallet.
Distribution. 
Increased packing density resulted in lower transportation and distribution costs while successfully meeting transportation and distribution testing requirements.
Product end use. 
Healthcare workers receive smaller amounts of packaging, while receiving the same product quality and performance.
Waste reduction. 
A compact design with more robust materials reduces primary as well as secondary packaging, minimizing the volume of post-industrial and post-consumer waste.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 29. 
Waste data. 
GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI 306-5, SASB RT-CH-150a.1. 
Hazardous waste disposal 72,000. 
Beneficial use of waste 89,300. 
Non-hazardous waste disposal 217,000 378,300 total waste produced 2021 total waste by type (metric tons)1 1 Incinerated waste only includes hazardous/non-hazardous waste that was not burned for recovery. Incinerated waste that was burned for energy 217,000 Non-hazardous waste disposal 72,000 Hazardous waste disposal 89,300 Benefical use of waste 378,300 total waste produced. 
Non-hazardous waste disposal by type (metric tons)1 1 Incinerated waste only includes hazardous/non-hazardous waste that was not burned for recovery. Incinerated waste that was burned for energy recovery is reported as beneficial use of waste—energy recovery.
Incinerated non-hazardous waste 16,700 16,400 15,400. 
Landfilled non-hazardous waste 40,400 38,600 45,900. 
Other disposal methods 167,800 162,000 124,200. 
Hazardous waste disposal by type (metric tons)1, 2 1 Incinerated waste only includes hazardous/non-hazardous waste that was not burned for recovery. Incinerated waste that was burned for energy recovery is reported as beneficial use of waste—energy recovery.
2 A portion of hazardous waste shifted from incineration to biotreatment in. 
Incinerated hazardous waste 14,800 38,000 40,700. 
Landfilled hazardous waste 11,000 11,400 11,200. 
Other disposal methods 46,200 17,200 14,200. 
Beneficial use of waste by type (metric tons)
Hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste 2,400 2,900 2,300 2,300 2,000 1,900 400 300 500 63,700 1,100 69,900 5,400 85,400 6,300 75,300 64,800 91,700. 
Recycling, reclamation, and recovery 11,700 9,900. 
Energy recovery 21,600 19,300 23,000 8,200 11,100 9,800 13,200 1 Incinerated waste only includes hazardous/non-hazardous waste that was not burned for recovery. Incinerated waste that was burned for energy recovery is reported as beneficial use of waste—energy recovery.
2 A portion of hazardous waste shifted from incineration to biotreatment in 2021 and is reflected in other disposal method chart.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 30. 
Goal. 
Innovating safer by design. 
GRI 416-103, SASB RT-CH-410b.2. 
Design 100% of our products and processes using sustainability criteria including the principles of green chemistry 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Updated Product Stewardship and Regulatory chemical management policy to align with dynamic external changes in Substances of Concern, to expand scope to include existing and future product portfolio risk assessments, with outcomes of increased transparency and actions to avoid, mitigate, or eliminate risk ɦ Increased action to avoid substances of concern in new product developments and to pursue additional approaches to eliminate substances of concern from existing products ɦ Fostered a culture of Innovating Safer by Design through broader employee engagement and targeted global training of innovators


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 31. 
Safer and more sustainable, by design. 
Our Product Stewardship commitment drives us to ensure that the products we bring to the market are safe for use across their life cycle, compliant, risk-managed, trusted, and contribute to a more sustainable society.
We are taking steps to build on, extend and evolve our industry-leading product stewardship program to further increase product safety, transparency, and sustainability. We are expanding and formalizing our corporate and businesslevel chemical management processes, incorporating green chemistry principles into our innovation culture, and leveraging value chain partnerships to increase product sustainability outside of our own operations.
We recognize the importance of working with our customers and suppliers to understand their needs so that our products are safe and more sustainable through every phase of the value chain, from sourcing raw materials through end of useful life.
Our rigorous and comprehensive Product Stewardship and Regulatory (PS&R) Management System is at the core of our commitment to product safety and risk management and is a critical part of our new product innovation process. Every DuPont business uses the PS&R Management System globally to assess and manage potential risks associated with their products and to regularly identify opportunities for improvements throughout the product life cycle.
Business and Corporate leadership annually review the adequacy and effectiveness of the PS&R Management System and make changes to enhance and improve stewardship performance throughout the organization.
The ACC Responsible Care® Product Safety Code is integrated into our PS&R Management System. Consistent with our commitment to Responsible Care®, DuPont businesses routinely audit PS&R Management Systems to ensure effectiveness and alignment with the ACC Product Safety Code. As an added level of assurance, we conduct third-party audits of a sampling of our businesses, US chemical manufacturing sites, and headquarters every three years to verify that our Responsible Care® program continues to meet or exceed the ACC’s requirements. In 2021, a third party audited our product stewardship program and found it to be in conformance with ACC Product Safety requirements. We will conduct the next external audit in 2024.
Product stewardship reviews. 
GRI 102-11, 416-1, 416-2. 
As part of our PS&R management system, all new and existing products and services undergo product stewardship reviews that include detailed health, safety, and environmental impact assessments. We conduct product stewardship reviews to assess and manage risk prior to commercialization and conduct additional reviews at a frequency commensurate with overall product risk. The process also requires businesses to conduct product stewardship reviews when significant product changes occur, which may include new product use or application areas, manufacturing asset changes, regulatory changes, or other new product information.
In 2021, we began delivering several innovative solutions that demonstrate our commitment and journey to safer and more sustainable products. For example, the DuPont Mobility & Materials business has developed and commercialized primer-free BETASEAL™ glass and plastic bonding systems that help significantly reduce the use of solvents at customer assembly or repair facilities. Additionally, we offer phthalatefree BETASEAL™ glass and plastic bonding sealers that help avoid the use of phthalate plasticizers. For EVs, our all-new DuPont™ BETATECH™ thermal interface material is designed to allow easy removal of the expensive battery modules, enabling repair, reuse, repurpose, or ultimately recycling.
Our global commitment to PS&R principles drives timely and extensive reviews, with prompt and diligent follow-up to any findings.
Worldwide training for all PS&R personnel and mandatory adherence to PS&R management system standards ensure a detailed stewardship assessment of all new products prior to commercialization. More than 1,400 product stewardship reviews were completed during calendar year 2021. From these, one non-compliance incident associated with product health, safety, or transparency regulations was identified and resolved.
DuPont™ BETATECH™ thermal interface material being robotically dispensed.
Highlighted above, BETATECH™ thermal interface material is used in electric vehicle battery applications to better manage heat.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 32. 
Advancing our chemical management processes. 
We actively monitor the rapidly evolving chemicals regulatory landscape together with feedback and insight from our customers, investor-oriented rating agencies, and society to shape our chemicals management processes.
For years, DuPont chemists, toxicologists, and PS&R professionals have used METanomics Information System (METIS), an integrated database and robust chemical screening tool that provides easy access to chemical and global regulatory information including key physical property and important toxicology data. METIS also allows DuPont researchers to identify and take steps to avoid Substances of Concern (SoC) and drive smarter selection of chemicals during development of new applications, new formulations, and new products while also providing the critically needed data so appropriate risks and stewardship reviews can occur.
In 2021, we implemented a robust corporate chemical management policy to better integrate METIS information into how we manage SoC. Combining internal and external views of science-based and societally perceived risk factors, we created an aggregated risk assessment framework to evaluate our portfolio. This framework allows us to assess each product across three main dimensions of risk—right to operate, product de-selection, and potential exposure to humans or the environment—to assess impact and likelihood of risk throughout the entire lifecycle of the products we market. By contextualizing market-, customer- and regulatory-specific risk factors with toxicology data, we provide our scientists with actionable information to carefully avoid or eliminate risk.
We integrated the Chemical Management Policy into the new product development processes as a decision-making tool and a way to further evolve the innovation culture across all DuPont businesses. This corporate-level policy works in conjunction with business-level policies like the Chemical Selection and Use Policy implemented in 2021 by our Electronics and Industrial (E&I) segment, which enforces cross-functional collaboration to assess current or available product design options and investigate safer alternatives, with the goal of improving the sustainability of E&I products and processes. We implemented the SoC Framework with DuPont employees involved in stewardship reviews and the design of new products through training sessions, web-based resources, and a roll-out for the new corporate policy governing the framework. We aspire to avoid, reduce, or eliminate SoC in our products and processes to further improve the safety, transparency, and sustainability of our innovation portfolio.
Consistent with our chemical stewardship commitments, we launched the DuPont Chemical Awareness toolkit (CAt) free of charge in 2021. The Chemical Awareness toolkit provides rapid access to chemical information for product stewards, risk assessors, toxicologists, chemists, microbiologists, engineers, and other researchers. It includes screening tools that provide chemical information including toxicological hazards, environmental fate, persistence & bioaccumulation, occupational exposure limits, government regulations, and public perception.
Aligned with our PFAS commitments, we pursued an aggressive multi-year effort to qualify multiple fluorine-free foams with the specific materials used in our operations, as part of our effort to eliminate the purchase and use of firefighting foams made with PFAS. The result was the replacement of both fixed and portable fire protection systems with fluorine-free alternatives. DuPont continues to collaborate with foam manufacturers and local authorities to qualify the new fluorine-free foams for regulatory approved use and plans to implement them as they become commercially available in each country. As of December 2021, we successfully removed and replaced Aqueous Film Forming Foam (AFFF) containing PFAS with fluorine-free firefighting foam across operations under our control, where legally allowed.
Additionally, as part of our PFAS commitments, DuPont pledged $6 million in unrestricted research funding ($2 million/year over 3 years) to the National Science Foundation (NSF) to fund innovative PFAS remediation research. The NSF program called ERASE PFAS which started in 2020 has funded nine research programs that focus on the fundamental studies and the development of next generation, innovative technologies to remediate PFAS in the environment.
DuPont™ Tedlar® materials provide critical, life-extending protection to photovoltaic modules.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 33. 
Curating a culture of safer by design. 
To embed our safer by design priorities into our innovation culture, we partnered with Beyond Benign to design a suite of educational tools, including a six-part multi-media training course on the 12 Principles of Green Chemistry. We piloted the Green Chemistry Course with select employees in 2021 and intend to expand to all employees via our company-wide virtual learning system in 2022. We also developed the DuPont Sustainability Intelligence Plaza, a web-based tool where DuPont employees can access the latest sustainability trends, regulations, news, and reports.
Additionally, one business uses a custom Sustainability Guidance Tool which evaluates elements of product sustainability early in the product design and development process across the portfolio. This tool addresses questions such as toxicity, value chain process safety, greenhouse gas emissions, and raw materials choices. The tool also evaluates the potential for the commercialized product to support measures to address global challenges, including the needs of citizens in emerging economies. The tool enables more sustainable choices in product development and design.
Product transparency and labeling. 
GRI 417-103, 417-1, SASB RT-CH-410b.1. 
Recognizing increasing needs for product information and transparency globally, DuPont’s PS&R management system requires compliance with global and local Safety Data Sheet (SDS) and labeling information requirements. SDS and label compliance management are critical components of product safety. Every DuPont product has an SDS that provides essential information on chemical and physical characteristics, toxicology, safe handling, and spill and emergency response measures and contact numbers where the product is sold. We regularly review, update, and audit DuPont Safety Data Sheets and product labels to ensure compliance with relevant global and local regulatory and legislative requirements. We also offer further compliancedriven communications and resources on our website.
Recognizing that stakeholder requests for product transparency go beyond the Safety Data Sheet, we continue to improve our ability to provide transparency documentation, including sustainability and transparency declarations, certifications, and analyses, for products in our portfolio. For example, to support customer sustainability inquiries, our Performance Building Solutions business developed a program to proactively provide documentation and information about our operations and products. In 2021, we implemented a strategy to assess customer and market needs and created a process to ensure documentation requirements are integrated into the R&D and Marketing commercialization process as early as possible for our Building Materials products.
In summary, our Product Stewardship team is responsible for the management of a product throughout its life cycle focusing on the health, safety, and environmental issues at each phase. This includes the development of safety data sheets and labels (indicating hazard and use information) in addition to the publication of information such as Product Use, Storage, and Handling bulletins. Preparing these communications involve formalized procedures utilizing information regarding raw material sources, material composition, safe use of a product, as well as proper disposal. All significant product categories are covered by these processes.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 34. 
Connected for progress Protect people and the planet. 
Our sustainability strategy seeks to advance the protection of people, the environment and one of the world’s most precious resources, water. Beyond goals, these are core values for our company that all employees experience from day one throughout their career. We expanded and strengthened these core values— linking them to a sustainability mindset across our company to accelerate innovation, improvement, and further reduce risk.
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 35. 
Overview. 
In this section, we highlight significant progress toward our Acting on Climate goal, including an assessment of our scope 3 emissions, first VPPA purchase and implementation of a project that will significantly reduce GHGs across many of our sites. We advanced our 2030 Leading Water Stewardship goal by joining the Water Resilience Coalition and signing the CEO Water Mandate as well as introducing new products and tools to help others with their water stewardship efforts. And, while 2021 continued to present global pandemic and other challenges, we were able to deliver safety performance in the top 25% of ACC companies. We’re proud of our progress and committed across all levels of our company to continuous learning and improvement.
For more Protect people and the planet case studies visit our website.
Q&A. 
Robert Gray, DuPont Climate Strategist. 
What is your vision of sustainability for DuPont?
I want DuPont to be the partner of choice for our customers by meeting or exceeding our 2030 sustainability goals. We have come a long way and I see increasing connectivity to creating value for our customers through our own sustainable actions. I am excited about the potential for collaboration along the value chain and this will be critical for success in Scope 3. It’s clear that organizations that embrace sustainability will be more successful than those that aren’t going forward.
DuPont has strong core values; how do they enhance and advance our sustainability goals?
Environment, health, safety, and respect for people have long been part of our company’s core values so the linkage with our sustainability goals is natural and well understood by our employees, customers, and other stakeholders. I believe this consistency lends credibility and will strengthen and accelerate our performance.
What are you most proud of in 2021?
I am proud of the progress we’ve made in both solidifying our plan to meet our 2030 climate goals and results we are beginning to see. What seemed aspirational at first, now has clear progress and pathways to long term success with key decisions and choices well defined. And we have leadership support to make it happen.
What excites you about the future?
More than ever, I believe tackling climate change is achievable. It requires education, innovation, and fortitude —but it is achievable and that is good news for all! I also believe that DuPont is thinking creatively, beyond our 2030 goals to how we can make the world even better. That aligns with our company purpose and makes my job both compelling and rewarding.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 36. 
Goal. 
Acting on climate. 
GRI 302-103, GRI 305-103, SASB RT-CH-110a.2. 
Reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 30% including sourcing 60% of electricity from renewable energy by 2030, and deliver carbon neutral operations by 2050 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Decreased our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 10% vs prior year and are on track to meet our 2030 GHG reduction goal ɦ Enabled our customers to lower their carbon footprint with new product offerings ɦ Increased sourcing of renewable energy RECs in 2021 to 15% and signed a long-term renewable energy agreement for ~25% of DuPont’s total electricity starting in 2023 ɦ Completed Scope 3 inventory and identified priority value chain reduction opportunities 2019 baseline 3,688,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (MT CO2e) of GHG emissions and 6.5% renewable electricity use including RECs1 1 2019 baseline includes Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions only.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 37. 
Joining global leaders to act on climate. 
Climate change requires urgent action, bold commitments, innovation and a multi-faceted, collaborative approach. As a longstanding technology leader, DuPont plays an important role in global efforts to combat climate change through innovation and advocacy. We use our expertise and industry presence to develop innovative low-carbon and energyefficient solutions that help industries decarbonize. We advocate for market-based consistent, predictable policies and regulations that foster climate innovation and investment.
In 2021, DuPont joined RE100, a global initiative that brings together 320 of the world’s leading businesses committed to sourcing 100% renewable electricity in their global operations by 2050. Our commitment amplifies collective efforts to address market and policy barriers to sourcing renewable energy. In 2020, we joined the CEO Climate Dialogue, a collaboration between large companies and NGOs working together to advance effective climate legislation in the United States. We’re a member of the Alliance to Save Energy as well as other organizations that advocate for clean mobility, energy efficient buildings, and renewable fuel. We are also members of both the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the World Research Institute (WRI) and engage both organizations on climate strategy.
See our full list of memberships and initiatives in the Appendix.
Innovating for a low-carbon economy. 
We’re actively pursuing opportunities to reduce GHG emissions along the value chains of many of our processes and products. Aligned with our innovation platforms, our climate innovation focuses on three major areas of impact: advancing low-carbon mobility, lowering embodied carbon in buildings, and enabling renewable energy.
Advancing low-carbon mobility. 
DuPont provides solutions that enable vehicle electrification and expansion of the electronic vehicle (EV) market, including thermal management, battery assembly, and enhanced connectivity. Higher-energy-density batteries and smaller, more powerful e-motors capable of ultra-fast charging create thermal management challenges for EV safety, longevity, and efficiency. Solutions like our BETAFORCE™ TC thermal conductive adhesives and BETATECH™ thermal interface materials enable crash-durable assembly, enhanced thermal stability, and uniform thermal conductivity from the battery cells to the EV cooling system. Those features allow our automotive customers to design safer, durable, fast-charging batteries with a higher energy density, while lowering the cost of material input and production.
Energy storage and hydrogen fuel cell technology will play important roles in enabling large-scale and long-term storage of centralized renewable energy. DuPont Mobility & Materials1 Zytel®, Zytel® PA, and Hytrel® materials have the resistance, stability, conductivity, and tolerance to compose the subsystems of fuel cell EVs.
1 The Mobility & Materials segment is included in this report reflecting our 2021 portfolio. On February 18, 2022, DuPont announced that it entered into definitive agreements to divest a majority of its Mobility & Materials segment, excluding certain Advanced Solutions and Performance Resins businesses, to Celanese Corporation.
DuPont Interconnect Solutions plays a critical role in India’s rail electrification as the sole supplier of wire insulation for their electric locomotive traction motors. The advanced traction motor design boosts India Rail’s hauling capacity by 50% and cuts energy use and GHG emissions.
India’s railways are responsible for 4% of the country’s total greenhouse gas emissions. The government plans to have India’s railways routes fully electrified by 2023 and fully powered by renewable sources by 2030. As a result of this shift, 6.8 million tons of CO2 will be eliminated annually. An enabling innovation behind these sustainability gains, DuPont Kapton® FCRC is the latest generation of corona resistant polyimide insulating films that have been functionalized to handle the fast voltage switching associated with variable frequency drives.
Kapton® FCRC wire insulation coupled with DuPont’s Nomex® slot liner insulation is the standard for high efficiency traction motor insulation systems for demanding, high temperature rail applications.
DuPont Kapton® FCRC wire insulation and DuPont Nomex® slot liner insulation enable India’s electric railway.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 38. 
Low GWP Froth-Pak™ Spray Foam received the 2021 American Chemistry Council’s Sustainability Leadership Award in the Environmental Protection category for its contributions to a low-carbon economy. It also received a 2021 Adhesive and Sealant Council (ASC) Innovation award.
Lowering embodied carbon in buildings. 
To enhance our efforts to develop low-embodied carbon products, we continuously evaluate the sustainability profiles of our innovation projects and apply LCA methodology to guide project decisions.
Our Styrofoam™ Brand insulation products have played a critical role in improving energy efficiency in buildings for over 50 years. Styrofoam™ Brand XPS Insulation products are approximately 98% gas and 2% solid by volume, with the gas formula traditionally including hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Some HFCs have high global warming potentials (GWPs) and can contribute to climate change.
DuPont innovation has enabled a viable low-GWP solution to reduce the embodied carbon of our Styrofoam™ Brand XPS Foam Insulation products while still delivering the same thermal performance, moisture resistance, durability, and ease of use expected by our customers. Converting to the low GWP Styrofoam™ Brand XPS Insulation results in a substantial 94% reduction in carbon footprint for this product line. In support of this innovation, we launched the beyondblue.dupont.com website, which highlights our GWP phase-down program and shares product transparency documentation for these products.
Similarly, we delivered an award-winning Low GWP FrothPak™ Spray Foam. This newly enhanced formulation utilizes a blowing agent package that achieves a reduction in GWP of more than 99% as compared to blowing agents used in past formulations, while maintaining product insulation and sealing performance.
A few other examples of our climate innovations enabling renewable energy can be found in the Delivering Solutions for Global Challenges section of this report.
Managing our climate footprint. 
To achieve our Acting on Climate goals of a 30% GHG reduction over ten years and carbon neutrality by 2050, we’re implementing an integrated strategy to address all sources of GHG emissions, including efforts to create low-carbon industrial processes, source low-carbon and renewable energy, and reduce our overall energy use.
Zero. 
Scope 1 coal-based emissions. 
DuPont has zero Scope 1 emissions from coal combustion across our operations. And, we reduced our coalbased steam generation by 95% on an annualized basis, with the remaining 5% from third party utilities.
Low-carbon industrial processes. 
The primary mechanism for driving down our Scope 1 GHG emissions is to reduce the carbon intensity of our industrial processes. In 2021 we focused on large opportunities with our Styrofoam™ Brand Insulation and Froth-Pak™ blowing agent conversion. We started the Styrofoam™ Brand Insulation “Beyond Blue” conversion in 2021 in Canada and select states within the US as part of a phased asset conversion plan to fully convert to a low-GWP solution over the next few years. This effort represents a step change reduction in GHG emissions for our company while also helping our customers advance their climate goals.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 39. 
Renewable energy SASB RT-CH-130a.1. 
In 2021, we signed a long-term virtual power purchase agreement (VPPA) with a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources, LLC. The VPPA will deliver the equivalent of 135 megawatts of new wind power capacity to the North American electrical grid, which is approximately 528,000 megawatt hours of renewable electricity annually. This amount of clean energy is equivalent to avoiding the carbon emissions from more than 81,000 passenger cars driven each year, or the annual electricity consumption of nearly 70,000 homes. We are defining next steps for how we can continue to bring additional renewable energy to the grid while lowering our operational footprint.
We also purchase renewable energy credits (RECs) to offset our emissions from electricity until our VPPA is fully functional. The Performance Building Solutions business began purchasing RECs in 2016 and as of 2021, the equivalent of 100% of the electricity used to make their products in our North American operations comes from renewable energy sources. Also, as of 2021, the equivalent of 95% percent of global operations for our Interconnect Solutions business are powered with renewable electricity.
In 2021, 15% of our electricity was procured from renewable sources or through the purchase of RECs and 10 DuPont manufacturing sites were powered by 100% renewable electricity through the purchase of RECs and other methods.
Energy efficiency initiatives GRI 302-4, GRI 305-5. 
We continue to implement energy efficiency projects through the Bold Energy Plan, a long-standing DuPont program that leverages a global, cross-business team of Site Energy Champions to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions in our facilities. In 2021, 76 energy-savings projects saved 73,000 MWh in energy and reduced Scope 1 and 2 emissions by about 9,600 MT CO2e. Of these projects, 47 were new in 2021.
In 2021 for example, we realized benefits from a Bold Energy Project to improve our Kevlar® solvent recovery process. This process uses a series of distillation columns to purify process solvent for reuse. In 2020, we changed the way we cool the product from one of the columns so that we could recapture heat that was previously being wasted. We now use that recaptured heat to reduce the energy consumption of the distillation column and in the process, we reduce GHG emissions of the Kevlar® process by over 3300 MT CO2e annually. This initiative recently won the 2022 ACC Energy Efficiency Exceptional Merit award.
We also integrate climate change priorities in the way we run our plants. For example, the Delrin® operation at the Washington Works site in West Virginia was awarded the ACC Responsible Care® Award in 2021 for Energy Efficiency, for the second year in a row. In pursuit of energy savings, the site team made a discovery to improve process control, increasing productivity, providing greater process stability, and fewer equipment cleanouts. Additionally, a second project with the focus of reducing carbon emissions, installed a more efficient chiller unit which operates on half the electricity of the previous model and uses innovative low GWP refrigerants. This initiative was recently recognized with a 2022 ACC Energy Efficiency Merit Award. The combined emission reduction estimate for these two improvements is 4,700 tCO2e annually.
Two other projects in our Bold Energy Plan also received ACC Energy Efficiency Merit Awards in 2022—one at our Parlin, NJ site and the second at our Engineering Science Laboratory in Wilmington, DE.
The DuPont Water & Protection (W&P) segment launched a business-wide Operations Transformation project to ensure that each site takes an integrated approach to achieving corporate and business climate goals. Every W&P site already has, or will soon have, a Site Sustainability Leader who is responsible for creating plans to reduce energy use and emissions while considering the site’s future needs. DuPont E&I also mobilized a network of Site Energy Leaders responsible for identifying opportunities to reduce energy use and cut GHG emissions. E&I will set site-specific goals, provide training on energy reduction tools, and leverage expertise across the E&I businesses.
Renewable electricity use (percent of total electricity use)1 1 This includes our use of renewable energy credits 15.20% 9.46% 6.51%


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 40 2020 emissions by Scope 3 categories (MT CO2e)1, 2. 
Category MT CO2e Percent of Scope 3. 
Upstream. 
Category 1: purchased goods and services 5,488,000 37.2%
Category 2: capital goods 103,000 0.7%
Category 3: fuel and energy related activities 545,000 3.7%
Category 4: upstream transportation & distribution 728,000 4.9%
Category 5: waste 65,000 0.4%
Category 6: business travel 18,000 0.1%
Category 7: employee commuting 29,000 0.2%
Category 8: upstream leased assets 2,000 0.0%
Downstream. 
Category 9: downstream transportation & distribution 30,000 0.2%
Category 10: processing of sold products 1,211,000 8.2%
Category 11: use of sold products 15,000 0.1%
Category 12: end of life of sold products 6,451,000 43.8%
Category 15: investments 55,000 0.4%
Total Scope 3 14,740,000 100% 1 Emissions from downstream leased assets and franchises were not applicable and therefore not included in our Scope 3 emissions.
2 2020 Data does not include former DuPont Nutrition & Bioscience business.
2020 Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions (percent of total emissions MT CO2e)1 1 2020 Data does not include former DuPont Nutrition & Bioscience business.
Scope 2: market-based 1,284,000. 
Scope 3: Upstream 6,978,000. 
Scope 1 2,165,000. 
Scope 3: Downstream 7,762,000 2,165,000 Scope 1 1,284,000 Scope 2: market-based 6,978,000 Scope 3: Upstream 7,762,000 Scope 3: Downstream 2019–2021 Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions (MT CO2e) GRI 305-1 and GRI 305-2, SASB RT-CH-110a.1. 
Scope 1 Scope 2 1,225,000 3,095,000 1,870,000 1,284,000 3,449,000 2,165,000 1,514,000 3,688,000 2,174,000. 
Evaluating Scope 3 emissions along our value chains GRI 305-3. 
In 2021 we accelerated our effort to define the environmental footprint across our value chains to prioritize areas of improvement and innovation. Scope 3 emissions cover a variety of activities across DuPont’s supply chain, business operations, products, and end-of-life treatment of products. In alignment with best practices, we calculated our upstream and downstream Scope 3 emissions according to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard (Corporate Value Chain Accounting and Reporting Standard).
While the GHG Protocol Scope 3 standard recognizes the importance of intermediate products that have a variety of downstream applications, it also acknowledges the complexity of calculating each of the downstream applications; and thus, allows these emissions to be excluded from the GHG inventory. Despite the complexity, we made it a priority to estimate all our downstream emissions including those associated with processing, use and end-of-life of our sold products. With this information we are building a roadmap of priority actions to reduce Scope 3 emissions and will address these in future reports.
In 2020, Scope 3 GHGs were 14.7 million metric tonnes CO2e representing about 80% of DuPont total corporate (scope 1 + scope 2 + scope 3) GHGs. The table and figure above show the share of emission by Scope 3 category. Purchased goods & services (includes all upstream emissions from the goods and services purchased by DuPont in 2020) and end-of-life (total GHGs from the disposal of products sold by DuPont in 2020) were the main contributors to these emissions.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 41. 
Goal. 
Leading water stewardship. 
GRI 303-103. 
Enable millions of people access to clean water through advancing water technology and enacting strategic partnerships. Implement holistic water strategies across all facilities, prioritizing manufacturing plants and communities in high-risk watersheds.
2021 key accomplishments ɦ Developed and launched new Water Solutions products to help our customers solve more of their complex water challenges including working with several municipal customers on critical water treatment expansions and upgrades that have improved drinking water access and quality for more than five million people since 2019 ɦ Partnered with Water.org to impact more than 100,000 lives, joined the Water joined the Water Resilience Coalition, and signed the CEO Water Mandate ɦ Worked with Economist Impact to launch City Water Optimization Index tool to help cities benchmark factors to develop and maintain an optimized, ample water supply


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 42. 
Leading a vision toward a water optimized world. 
According to the United Nations, water scarcity is expected to displace anywhere from 24 to 700 million people worldwide by 2030. DuPont sees a clear path to a future where all 7.9 billion people on this planet have access to safe, clean drinking water every day, while industry also has the necessary water to make the products, food, and energy on which we rely. In this future, no water is wasted because we capitalize on the circular nature of water by recovering valuable raw materials from wastewater.
We are working to create this future—where water is accessible, abundant, adaptable, and affordable for all and even water scarce regions can achieve water resiliency. The DuPont Water Solutions business provides state-of-the-art membrane science, ion exchange solutions, and wastewater treatment technologies. These materials and solutions help make drinking water safer and cleaner for homes and communities; enable industries and markets to operate more effectively, efficiently, and sustainably; and make water-scarcity challenges more manageable, wherever they arise. Together with other private sector companies, community-impact organizations, and research institutions we help forge a sustainable, energy efficient path towards a water-optimized world.
Through our technologies and partnerships, we support millions of people all over the world with access to safe, clean water. Since 2019, DuPont has worked with several of its municipal customers on critical water treatment expansions and upgrades that have improved drinking water access and quality for more than five million people.
In philanthropic partnership with communities, nongovernmental organizations and others, we worked to bring safe water to some of the most underserved populations with little to no access to safe water. In some cases, we funded microfinance opportunities to help provide families with access to safe water and sanitation. And in other cases, we donated technology, expertise and financial support toward the building of water purification projects that provide ongoing and sustainable water resources to a community. With closer access to safe, clean water, people not only benefit from improved health, but also improved access to education and economic opportunity. Since 2019, the mix of these investments and water purification projects has provided nearly 150,000 people around the world with access to safe, clean water. We are committed to continued collaboration with both customers and partners toward the vision that all people on this planet have access to safe, clean drinking water every day.
In 2021, we partnered with Water.org to bring a year of safe water to people in India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, the Philippines, Cambodia, Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Mexico, Brazil, and Peru through Water.org’s WaterCredit program.
Partnering for a secure water future. 
In 2021, we joined the Water Resilience Coalition and signed the CEO Water Mandate as part of our efforts to meet our 2030 Water Stewardship goals. Signing the Water Resilience Coalition pledge means DuPont joins an ambitious group of over 30 companies and organizations committed to reducing water stress by 2050 in some of the most challenged water basins around the world and advancing net-positive water impact through partnerships and collective efforts. By endorsing the Mandate, we commit to continuous improvement in six core areas of water stewardship: direct operations, supply chain and watershed management, collective action, public policy, community engagement, and transparency.
A critical first step in any effort to optimize water resourcing is robust infrastructure planning. In 2021, DuPont worked with Economist Impact to create the inaugural City Water Optimization Index, a tool that creates a common framework for benchmarking factors that contribute to developing and maintaining an optimized, ample water supply. Its findings incorporate 47 quantitative and qualitative indicators that assess how well each city’s policies and infrastructure are safeguarding its water supply, treatment, and distribution networks. With climate change increasingly challenging our water supplies and projected urban population growth, this Index offers a powerful tool for decision makers around the world to measure how prepared their cities are to deliver safe, reliable, and sustainable access to water.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 43. 
Innovating to solve global water challenges. 
DuPont innovates and manufactures sustainable water management solutions enabling energy efficient water purification, re-use and recycling with mineral recovery, sustainable desalination processes, and groundwater access in urban, industrial, and rural settings. Through a series of acquisitions and market expansions, DuPont Water Solutions has cultivated an innovation portfolio that can be used together or individually to solve complex water and sustainability challenges—from bringing fresh and clean drinking water to millions of homes to minimizing the environmental impact of textile plants.
Sustainable water purification solutions GRI 302-5. 
Reverse osmosis (RO) water treatment systems like our industry-leading FILMTEC™ product lines provide the finest level of pressurized crossflow filtration, but, as with all filtration membrane technology, can require a significant amount of cleaning to combat biofouling—microorganism growth on the filtration membranes within the system. Unchecked, biofouling causes significant operational and economic problems such as frequent interruption, damage to the membranes, additional chemical and energy use, and frequent cleaning-in-place of the RO membranes.
In 2021, we introduced DuPont™ B-Free™ technology, a solution that prevents the negative effects of biofouling when installed in new or existing systems. Applying the DuPont™ B-Free™ pretreatment can reduce required downtime by up to 50%, lower cleaning in place frequency by up to 75%, and extend the lifetime of the RO membrane elements by up to 200%. For each 10,000 m3/day of water treatment capacity, DuPont™ B-Free™ pretreatment technology will enable yearly savings up to 25,000 kg of CO2 emissions, 10,000 kg of chemicals, and 4,000 m3 of wastewater. In addition to the sustainability benefits, the reduced use of chemicals and servicing requirements make membranes with B-Free™ safer by design for operators.
Circular economy solutions to minimize water waste. 
Water reuse can create a world where water is not a scarce resource but a well-managed one, sustained by advances in separation and purification technologies that convert wastewater into potable water. In fact, 61% of the people surveyed globally for the City Water Optimization Index reported that they would be happy to drink reclaimed water.
Currently, increasing the capacity of wastewater treatment plants requires expensive retrofitting projects and significant increases to energy costs. Our OxyMem membrane aerated biofilm reactor (MABR) modules provide a drop-in solution that consumes carbon and nitrogen-based pollutants, reducing sludge by up to 50%. The MABR is also up to 75% more energy efficient than conventional fixed film and biofilm systems and does not require additional land or infrastructure assets.
DuPont™ B-Free™ pretreatment was awarded the 2021 Sustainability Initiative of the Year and Sustainability Product of the Year by the Business Intelligence Group.
50 million. 
DuPont water technologies process about 50 million gallons of water every minute around the world.
Used in conjunction with FILMTEC™ reverse osmosis (RO) membranes, B-Free™ products are helping DuPont’s customers meet their sustainability goals by mitigating the challenges of biofouling and extending the life of the membranes to purify water.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 44. 
Managing water at our sites. 
GRI 303-103, GRI 303-1, SASB RT-CH-140a.3. 
Across the company we use water from various sources. Some of that water is treated and returned to a local water body, while some is rendered in our manufacturing processes or used for other purposes such as employee health and hygiene. In 2019, we evaluated our global footprint to understand where and how our operations interact with local watersheds, especially those considered to be high risk. We used the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Modeling Tool and WWF’s Water Risk Tool to model varying water risk factors for all DuPont sites around the world.
We found that we have a limited footprint in high-risk watersheds. In 2021, less than 4% of our water withdrawal and 2% of our water consumption came from high-risk watersheds. We decided the most effective way to manage our water risk is through adoption of a phased approach of the Alliance for Water Stewardship International Water Stewardship Standard (AWS Standard) within our existing ISO 14001 environmental management system framework.
This allows our site teams to align current environmental management systems with the priorities articulated in the AWS Standard.
In 2021, we initiated water usage assessments at key North America and EMEA sites and focused on aligning our water definitions with GRI standards. We will continue to strengthen our water use systems focusing on the most significant site impact opportunities in 2022.
As an example, our Greifenberg, Germany site produces inge® industry-leading multi-bore polyether sulfone ultrafiltration technology for the purification of water. The site also uses a full suite of DuPont products in their water and wastewater treatment system and solvent recovery process. DuPont’s UF modules, ion exchange resins, and RO membranes are used to reliably maintain production and recover heat, water, and organic substances. We collect and re-use the thermal energy from the wastewater, and the treated water is then fed back into the membrane production system as part of a closed water cycle. This integrated system improves the recovery rate of used organic solvent in production, allowing decreases in both cost and raw material use in our operations.
Water consumption and withdrawal (million gallons)1. 
GRI 303-3, GRI 303-5, SASB RT-CH-140a.1.
1 Water consumption values have been adjusted beginning with the 2022 report to better align with the GRI Standards definition. We will continue to improve the accuracy of data produced by our systems over time.
Total water withdrawal 28,200 27,900 28,500. 
Total water consumption 3,500 3,200 3,900. 
Keeping plastic out of marine environments. 
In 2016, DuPont businesses signed onto Operation Clean Sweep (OCS), a voluntary program jointly administered by the American Chemistry Council and the Plastics Industry Association that aims for zero discharge of plastics into marine and freshwater environments. In 2021, we made a global, company-wide pledge to OCS blue, which goes beyond the current OCS program to implement best-in-industry plastic loss prevention practices. As an OCS blue member company, we are committed to enhanced plastic loss prevention management practices and training for employees. We will share and learn from best practices in loss prevention, and we will report annually the number and volume of any incidents of unrecovered plastic releases that are greater than 0.5 kg or 0.5 L per incident. From July to December 2021, the company had one unrecovered release of 18.7 kg of plastic resin to land from a transportation incident.
DuPont manufacturing sites around the world that make plastic resins will implement OCS blue. We formalized changes to our internal EHS incident reporting policies to ensure that all plastic releases are recorded in line with our commitment to the program. OCS blue elements have also been incorporated into DuPont’s ISO 14001 environmental management system to institutionalize program requirements in perpetuity. Participation in OCS blue aligns with our overall sustainability goals and allows further transparency of our operational and reporting processes related to plastic releases to the environment.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 45. 
Goal. 
Delivering world-class health and safety performance. 
GRI 403-103. 
Achieve safety performance that exceeds industry benchmarks by 2030 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Benchmarked in the top 25% for Total Recordable Incident performance and Process Safety Tier 1 and 2 incident rate1 ɦ All Tier 1 incidents had very low or zero severity factors ɦ Launched a new Life Saving Behavior Program to accelerate additional improvements ɦ Developed a “One EHS” multi-year strategy to innovate a progressively safer and more sustainable future aligned with our evolving portfolio 1 Based on ACC 2020 injury, illness and incident data.
Employee and contractor Total Recordable Incident rate1. 
GRI 403-9 1 Total Recordable Incident rate = (Number of Recordable Cases X 200,000/Number of Exposure Hours) in a given time period.
0.250 0.212 0.258


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 46. 
Maintaining safe and healthy workplaces globally requires vigilant awareness of the shifting factors—social, regulatory, and others—that can affect workplace dynamics, and an ability to apply new ideas and new ways of thinking in response. Manufacturing industries have their own particular risks which need to be managed effectively. Our DuPont core values of Safety & Health, Respect for People, Highest Ethical Behavior, and Protect the Planet cover all DuPont employees. These values are described in the DuPont Code of Conduct and compliance with this and applicable safety and health laws is the responsibility of all employees. Our commitment to delivering world-class health and safety is embodied in our company culture, our stakeholder engagements, and in the health- and safety-enabling innovations we produce for the world. The health and safety of our employees and contractors is a top priority and we seek and listen to their ideas to understand how we can further enhance well-being in our workplaces and beyond.
In 2021, we developed a One EHS multi-year strategy— Working together to innovate a progressively safer and more sustainable future—which we will implement in 2022 and complete by 2025. The strategy focuses on three pillars.
Working together to innovate a progressively safer and more sustainable future. 
Assuring integrity and trust. 
Establish clear and concise expectations by which we operate to manage our risk, build trust, protect people and preserve our planet.
Sustaining a vibrant workforce. 
Create a vibrant working environment where our people feel valued and safely conduct business to advance our culture, achieve our mission and deliver excellent business results.
Enabling processes. 
Enable world class EHS performance through the standardization of systems and tools while efficiently managing change.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 47. 
Environmental health and safety management system. 
GRI 305-103, GRI 307-103, GRI 403-1, GRI 403-2, GRI 403-3, GRI 403-8, SASB RT-CH-320a.2. 
Our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Management System, which covers both employees and contractors, ensures that we continually prioritize our commitment to health and safety. Our EHS management system conforms with the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC) Responsible Care® Management System (RCMS) and ISO 14001 continuous improvement models. All sites are required to maintain an EHS Management System that conforms to these standards. By committing to these external standards and implementing the ‘plan, do, check, act methodology’, DuPont can identify potential risks in our systems and processes and take steps to effectively manage these risks.
All DuPont manufacturing sites in the US that meet the definition of a “Chemical Manufacturing Facility” as defined by the ACC must conform to and are audited against the RCMS standard. We set a goal to certify all global manufacturing sites to ISO 14001 by 2025 and to require all sites to conform to the RC14001 management system by 2030. Most DuPont sites are currently certified and new sites acquired through mergers and acquisitions where DuPont has a controlling interest will also be required to meet these standards. Conformance to these standards is confirmed using DuPont and third-party auditor assessments.
In 2021, our EHS Management System covered approximately 24,0001 employees and 15,000 contractors.
Our EHS Management System, as outlined in our top governing EHS standard, S1Z—EHS Management Systems, defines “who, what, when and how” businesses can 1 Number does not include Laird Performance Materials employees in 2021 implement the company’s policies, standards, guidelines, goals, and requirements. Our EHS Management System is also used to address DuPont’s fulfillment of our Responsible Care® commitments. It lays the fundamental principles for management responsibilities, our EHS commitment, and the overall system structure for our policies, principles, standards and procedures, and practices. Our EHS Management System also provides us with processes to identify and evaluate hazards and risks associated with our product development and manufacturing processes, distribution, and other operations. We then establish goals and objectives to address any significant hazards and risks, taking the feedback and concerns of employees, contractors, communities, customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders into consideration.
DuPont manages our EHS data reporting through the use of centralized databases. Sites enter data on a monthly, quarterly, and annual basis as appropriate to the specific metric being collected. All sites have access to this system and are required to enter all Health and Safety Injuries, Illnesses, and Incidents. All manufacturing sites as well as non-manufacturing sites with >100 employees must enter air, water, energy, and waste usage and emissions data. The data are reviewed at the facility level and then by global business coordinators before being aggregated for corporate reporting.
In 2021, 27 of our 31 RCMS facilities received ACC awards for exemplary Safety and Health performance and the Water Solutions KSA Plant in Jubail Saudi Arabia was recognized with the E. I. du Pont Safety Excellence Medal. This award recognizes DuPont teams that have undertaken initiatives exemplifying the original expectations of our founder, Mr. Eleuthère Irénée (E.I.) du Pont, by focusing on behaviors to transform the safety and health culture and performance of their organization.
Our Water Solutions plant in Jubail, Saudi Arabia was recognized for exemplary safety performance.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 48. 
Reporting EHS incidents. 
GRI 403-2, GRI 403-3. 
DuPont has authored dozens of internal EHS standards (policies) governing employee and contractor safety. Salient among them are our DuPont EHS Management System standard and our standard for managing Occupational Injuries and Illnesses. These standards dictate how we investigate, manage, report, and resolve employee and contractor occupational illnesses and injuries.
Our corporate EHS Management System Policy states that businesses are required to work with appropriate EHS and site personnel to help ensure hazards and risks associated with work activities and operations are properly managed. This policy requires employees to report any work-related hazards and potentially hazardous situations. To accomplish this, we encourage open and proactive communication between workers and their line management.
Our EHS Event Classification, Investigation, and Reporting Policy requires sites, businesses, and functions to have procedures and trained personnel to report, classify, and investigate EHS Events (i.e., near misses and incidents). It also requires all employees to notify their line management of any symptoms, injuries, or illnesses that may be associated with work, so that an appropriate and timely response can be made.
All sites are required to report details of every injury and illness for review by Corporate and Business EHS teams. These injuries and illnesses are reviewed on a weekly basis, and monthly reports are created to examine aggregate Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) and the Days Away from Work Case (DAWC) rate by business and for the entire company. These monthly reports are shared with DuPont Senior Leaders, including business presidents and the entire C-suite. Quarterly reports are reviewed with the Board of Directors and shared with all employees during quarterly global town hall meetings.
Investigating injuries and illnesses. 
After the work environment has been deemed safe following an incident, the official investigation process begins. Depending upon the incident specifics and outcomes, appropriate personnel are brought in to be part of the investigation team that will document the facts and key factors of the incidents, then issue recommendations for corrective and/or preventative actions in an incident report. Key learnings from incidents are shared with sites across the company. Action items in incident reports are tracked to completion. In 2021, DuPont adopted the Cority integrated EHS management database. This database is used for capturing incidents and injuries/illnesses. DuPont also adopted a new incident investigation and root cause analysis tool, Apollo Reality Charting, to enhance key learnings and recommendations.
EHS and Integrated Health Services (IHS) teams provide ongoing medical treatment, case management support, and return-to-work guidance, all of which are aligned with the usual care and community standards and best practices. Reporting and recording of occupational injuries and illnesses to governmental agencies and or compensation programs is also conducted as required by local law and DuPont standards.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 49. 
Contractor safety. 
DuPont requires, as part of each site contract administration process, a permit to work and a contractor job safety analysis process or hazard recognition and control process for all contractor-performed jobs and tasks. DuPont contractors perform various types of work on behalf of DuPont, both on and off our sites. On-site work may include construction, repairs, and other duties that mirror those of DuPont employees. Off-site duties may include distribution, transportation, and other work to support our businesses and products. DuPont is committed to choosing contractor partners that share our core values. There are site and field contractor administrators to support execution of all on-site contractor work and to ensure consistency with our core values and standards. Our Global Contractor Administrator network holds monthly safety meetings to identify opportunities for continuous improvement.
DuPont uses contractors with demonstrated commitment to EHS. We screen and pre-qualify prospective contractor companies based on satisfactory EHS performance indicators, including review of their EHS management programs, injury and illness performance and assured compliance with regulatory requirements, and specific skills and training. We conduct this verification and screening process annually. In 2021, we conducted Leadership Training to improve engagement and interaction with our contractor partners to drive contractor safety improvements.
Hazard identification and risk assessment. 
GRI 403-2, GRI 403-3, GRI 403-4, GRI 403-5, GRI 403-7, GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10. 
DuPont identifies which top EHS risks to monitor by analyzing the reportable incidents submitted at our sites and assessing potential exposures at our plants. We measure our relative safety culture strength by issuing a Safety Perception Survey to all resident contractors and employees to solicit and assess feedback about the safety culture at each site. The Safety Perception Survey Relative Culture Strength score determines next steps needed by the site, business, or company to sustain an interdependent safety culture. We continued the survey in 2021 and intend to use this data to drive additional improvements in Safety Culture, Safety Audits, and Safety Training.
Potential EHS hazards are identified, and risk assessments are performed through cross-functional team collaboration. Our corporate EHS Management System Policy mandates risk assessments be conducted at the EHS competency (e.g., process safety, ergonomics, etc.), business, function, and site levels. This requirement encourages proactive hazard evaluations when they are deemed necessary by our EHS professionals, employees, or management. Personnel from businesses, functions, and sites are required to develop applicable prevention and mitigation strategies to reduce identified risks within their operational and business context.
In 2021, we updated our Job Safety Analysis process for our contractor workers to improve hazard identification and mitigation with a focus on hand safety, slips, trips, and falls, and Line of Fire.
The output of these identification and risk assessment activities are documented and used for the development of EHS objectives, plans, and appropriate risk control measures. We also use these results to create and update standard operating procedures for routine tasks. Work permits for non-routine tasks are developed to ensure that risks are recognized and controlled for all work performed.
The top three causes of injuries and illnesses at DuPont are line of fire events; slips, trips, and falls; and ergonomic over-exertion. We create monthly corporate safety campaigns to address these three causes.
As employees continue to embrace working from home and hybrid work, we increased the focus on the ergonomics of home work stations. We developed a separate section of our ergonomics SharePoint page to provide quick access to information about proper set up of home offices. It includes PowerPoint training decks, recorded training sessions, tip sheets, and checklists. We also provided virtual ergonomic assessments upon request to assist workers with proper office setups. We provided virtual training sessions as part of the Information Technology training sessions and communicated the availability of the materials via DuPont Network News and Yammer platforms.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 50. 
High-risk activities. 
GRI 403-10. 
For years, identifying high-risk activities has helped our workforce understand which tasks carry the highest potential for severe injury or fatality. Based upon our evaluation of historical injury/illness performance, DuPont has identified twelve high-risk activities: ɦ Working with Potential for Electrical Shock/Arc ɦ Working at Elevation or from Heights ɦ Using High Pressure Water for Cleaning ɦ Performing Work in High Heat Conditions ɦ Operating Powered Industrial Trucks ɦ Working on or Near Suspended Loads ɦ Working with Potential for Body Entrapment (Machine, Excavation) ɦ Driving on Public Highways ɦ Entering Confined Spaces ɦ Performing Line Breaks to Hazardous Processes and Systems ɦ Working in Oxygen Deficient Atmospheres ɦ Working with Highly Hazardous Materials. 
In 2021, we developed and socialized ten Life Saving Behaviors to continue to grow our safety culture. These behaviors are intended to supplement our existing high-risk activities and severe injury or fatality prevention program: ɦ Energy isolation ɦ Confined space ɦ Safe mechanical lifting ɦ Driving ɦ Work authorization ɦ Working at heights ɦ Bypassing safety controls ɦ Line and equipment openings ɦ Hot work ɦ Line of fire. 
We understand that high-risk activities can vary from business to business, so each business and site rolls out targeted initiatives to address their unique needs. Our EHS teams work closely with businesses and functions to discover new ways to prevent occupational injuries and illnesses and see if adjustments to existing injury/illness prevention programs are needed. Corporate EHS emphasizes prevention and appropriate preparation for work activities that involve high-risk activities to prevent serious injuries and fatalities.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 51. 
Occupational hygiene. 
GRI 403-2, GRI 403-3, GRI 403-4, GRI 403-7. 
To protect the health of our workers, workplace exposures are maintained at a safe level. Each site has an occupational hygiene (OH), sometimes known as “industrial hygiene”, resource who is knowledgeable about the exposure assessment process and is trained to the level appropriate for the complexity of the work at the site. This individual is responsible for executing and overseeing the strategy for qualitative exposure assessments which includes establishing similar exposure groups, documenting assessment reports, conducting quantitative sampling as appropriate, and managing the database. They identify the tasks performed by exposure groups and develop exposure profiles for each and update them when: ɦ Changes occur in processes, facilities, or tasks; ɦ Exposure controls are modified, including changes in engineering controls or personal protective equipment; ɦ An agent hazard profile is updated; ɦ There is a change in an agent’s acceptable exposure limit (the internal DuPont occupational exposure limit), a published Occupational Exposure Limit (OEL), or the applicable regulatory OEL, or; ɦ Quantitative data (e.g., personal monitoring results) have been collected.
The updated assessment should confirm that, taking the new hazard information into account, the previously acceptable exposure is still acceptable. If the exposure is no longer acceptable, temporary controls will be instituted until permanent controls can be implemented to minimize the potential for exposure. The assessments are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate to verify that no subtle changes have occurred between reviews that would change the conclusion of the assessment. The OH resource oversees quantitative sampling when the qualitative assessment indicates that the Occupational Exposure Limit (OEL) may be exceeded, or when required by regulations or other exposure assessment considerations. Reasons for exposure monitoring include the following: ɦ Protecting worker health; ɦ Measuring the extent of exposure to determine if controls should be improved to reduce concentrations below OELs; ɦ Confirming that exposures continually remain under OELs; ɦ Measuring the extent of exposure to determine if installed controls have reduced the concentration below OELs; ɦ Complying with regulations that stipulate monitoring and documenting employee exposures for legal purposes; ɦ Investigating complaints or worker symptoms, and; ɦ Developing and maintaining a database of employee exposures for documentation and epidemiological studies.
Each year, a sampling plan is developed and progress against it is tracked. Exposure assessments and monitoring data are reported to line management and tracked to identify trends that may be applicable to other work groups, sites, or businesses. Workers in similar exposure groups being monitored are notified of results in a way that meets local regulatory requirements.
Site safety plans are required to have an OH review which includes an approval procedure for purchase of chemicals that are new to the site to recognize and control any new hazards. New chemical usage proposals (e.g., existing chemicals being used in a larger volume, in a different application, or in a new plant area) are also reviewed and approved by OH resources so that hazards are recognized and controlled. We require contractors to notify DuPont before hazardous materials (e.g., radiation sources and chemicals) are brought on site or when performing any activity that may generate hazards that have not been identified in the work-permitting process. Changes in suppliers, types, or models of personal protective equipment used to protect against health hazards (e.g., respirators, breathing air, or chemical protective clothing) must also be reviewed and approved by site OH resources.
We use the Cority Industrial Hygiene management system at all our sites to facilitate timely data analysis and maintenance of OH records. We develop real-time dashboard indicators to quickly assess the status of work activities and other information in the database. Occupational exposure assessments are reviewed in first party and second party EHS audits to confirm compliance with site, business, and corporate standards and regulations.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 52. 
Managing workplace health. 
GRI 403-6, SASB RT-CH-320a.2. 
At all sites, DuPont Health Services (HS) staff and/or onsite workers’ compensation coordinators facilitate access to medical care related to occupational injury or illness. Our larger manufacturing and research sites have on-site clinics where HS staff provide occupational care, render first aid, and provide referrals for non-occupational illness and injury. Many of our sites have an annual flu vaccine program and other services, such as diminished capacity and fatigue management.
DuPont HS also provides travel medical screenings and consultations for employees that need to travel internationally. HS conducts a review of the travel destination against infectious diseases such as COVID-19, yellow fever, malaria, etc., and other travel related healthrisks. Any identified gaps in health requirements, including vaccinations, health status, and disease exposure, are addressed through appropriate referrals for vaccinations and other services. HS works with a third party to provide medical assistance, referral, and care coordination for DuPont employees that may require medical care while actively engaged in business travel.
HS coordinates annual health risk assessments to determine leading health concerns for our employee population, including OH assessments, medical screening, biological monitoring, ergonomics programs, and hazard communication. HS executes an annual Medical Surveillance Exam based on known occupational risks and regulatory compliance. HS also provides training for emergency medical response at many sites, especially those at higher risk of natural disasters, and coordinates critical incident support.
Regional and site HS teams use a variety of communication media to share information with DuPont employees about health, workplace safety, and mental and emotional well-being. HS maintains an intranet site to communicate services and creates new digestible, relevant content that is posted to the home page at least monthly. HS also regularly communicates with employees about benefits and health topics via email, bulletin boards, and large display screens at sites.
Health and safety training and communication. 
GRI 403-5. 
Management in each business is responsible for educating, training, and motivating employees to understand and comply with the DuPont Commitment to EHS and applicable safety and health laws. Both initial and refresher training are conducted and documented as required by applicable regulations and corporate standards. Each employee is responsible for complying with DuPont EHS policies, standards, and guidelines. All workers have the opportunity to and are encouraged to participate in environmental, health and safety activities at their sites.
As required by DuPont EHS standards and applicable local regulations, personnel are notified of the chemical, physical, ergonomic, and biological hazards to which they may be exposed, how to recognize the hazards, and how to protect themselves from exposure. Hazard training, labeling, posting, and safety data sheets (SDS) handling are carried out according to DuPont Hazard Communication standard and applicable government regulations. All personnel are trained annually in the corporate and business policies, standards, and safe work practices for the occupational hazards to which they may be exposed. Personnel must have all certifications and licensing as required by applicable government regulations (e.g., asbestos, lead, emergency response, hazardous waste, and radiation).
The primary internal communication platforms for worker health and safety information are intranet sites, email, websites, digital signage, posters, computer-based training, and team meetings. Sites also have systems in place to encourage and collect suggestions from workers on how to improve the safety and effectiveness of facilities and procedures. External communication with local communities is managed by each site and is generally achieved by participation in, or hosting, advisory panels, a website, or social media, depending on the site’s needs. Each business within the company has ongoing training programs that are specifically designed to maximize the performance of its employees in meeting business objectives, including enhanced health and safety outcomes.
DuPont taps into the expertise of external training providers and the company’s own functional experts to offer a wide range of courses on occupational health and safety topics. The DuPont EHS Management System Policy requires site-led EHS meetings to be conducted at least once per quarter. Many teams hold these meetings monthly to help reinforce DuPont core values, which include training and updates on EHS topics both inside and outside of the workplace.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 53. 
Prioritizing worker health and safety during a global pandemic. 
GRI 403-6, GRI 403-7. 
DuPont places the health, safety, and well-being of our employees, contractors, and their families as our highest priority. As a leading provider of personal protective equipment important to the global virus-fighting efforts, it was critical that we kept running our plants and serving our customers while protecting our workers. DuPont Health Services worked over 70,000 hours providing consultation and services to employees, site leaders, and senior leadership to ensure our workforce was heathy, educated on the facts of COVID-19 and supported to do the vital work necessary to meet the needs of our customers around the globe.
Our global, cross-functional Pandemic Response Team— made up of representatives from our EHS, HS, Security, Facilities, and Legal teams—met regularly to share information and leverage learnings across all our sites. We maintained a “Safe Back to the Workplace” playbook to guide sites in implementing operational controls and PPE guidance in line with recommendations from the Center for Disease Control, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, World Health Organization and local governments, so that people could be protected from virus transmission while working at our sites. In recognition of the critical role and exemplary efforts of the NA Regional IHS Team, DuPont was named a 2021 Responsible Care® awardee by the American Chemistry Council (ACC) for Outstanding COVID-19 Response Efforts.
In 2021 we offered COVID-19 testing at many of our sites. For instance, we offered self-tests to all employees in our EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) region in Northern Ireland, Luxemburg, Czech Republic, the Netherlands, and Germany. At our Luxembourg site alone, over 150 PCR tests and approximately 20,000 antigen tests were administered to employees and contractors in 2021.
We also launched our global DuPont Vaccine Principles in 2021, which are used to guide decision making and policymaking regarding how DuPont will facilitate and support employees in getting a vaccine. Our goal was to ensure that the maximum number of employees could receive a vaccine, administered either off-site by local public health agencies or on-site at our facilities where feasible and permitted by local government.
In 2021, we worked with local officials to hold numerous on-site vaccination events at our sites and promoted vaccine resources though our internal communications channels. As an example, our China Technology Center in Shanghai worked with local government to bring a fully staffed traveling vaccine bus to the site. The vaccine bus event administered over 300 vaccinations to DuPont employees. Vaccine Events by local pharmacies were held at Circleville, Parlin, Fayetteville, and Pontchartrain sites providing vaccines to employees, contractors and tenants for > 200 individuals.
HS staff at the Experimental Station Laboratory, Newark Bellevue and Midland sites in the USA and sites in India gave 1,780 COVID-19 vaccinations to DuPont Employees and Contractors, completing the vaccination series for 866 individuals. Throughout the year, we continued to adapt to the impacts of the virus variants as they spread around the globe. We kept our employees updated on the most recent variant information and mitigation efforts and we adjusted workplace procedures as needed to help keep our employees safe.
Employee COVID-19 vaccination event at the Experimental Station site in Wilmington, USA.
Through targeted public health education campaigns, on-site vaccination events, and other resource distribution initiatives, we achieved vaccination rates of 70–85% for each of our global regions.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 54. 
Process safety management. 
GRI 403-2, GRI 403-3, GRI 403-4, GRI 403-7, SASB RT-CH-540a.1. 
Process safety involves using our management systems to identify, understand, and control process hazards to prevent injuries and incidents and the potential releases of hazardous substances or energies at DuPont manufacturing plants. In 2021, we improved our Process Safety Management (PSM) program by implementing new performance metrics and leading indicators involving mechanical integrity, quality assurance, alarm management, and safety instrumented systems performance.
We piloted an enhanced process safety training model for all relevant personnel. The training approach incorporates an expanded section on “human factors” to help further minimize the potential for human error in hazardous operations.
Mechanical Integrity and Quality Assurance are part of our corporate PSM system, and focus on effectively managing the environmental, health, and safety risk associated with manufacturing process equipment. In late 2020, a crossbusiness, cross-functional team developed an upgraded metrics system that tracks leading indicators around process safety. By reacting to leading indicators, we can take actions to prevent serious incidents and help drive regulatory compliance. Metrics information also helps us prioritize support where it is most needed and will have the most impact.
DuPont continues to be actively involved with and provide technical and strategic input to external industry groups involved with process safety, including the American Chemistry Council PSM Committee, and the American Institute of Chemical Engineers Center for Chemical Process Safety, and the European Process Safety Centre.
The number and severity of process safety incidents as a calculated incident rate is one of many key performance metrics. Classification of process safety incidents utilizes American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754, a widely accepted industry standard by the ACC and other associations that includes a focus on Tier 1 and Tier 2 events. Process safety event classification is based on the amount of hazardous material released, the direct cost impacts (i.e., cost to repair any damage from a fire or explosion), and other severity factors such as injuries or off-site impacts.
In 2021, DuPont outperformed the median Tier 1 and Tier 2 event rates for large ACC member companies, and we continue to maintain process safety event performance in the top quartile of all large ACC member companies based on ACC 2020 process safety incident reporting1. Of the 12 total Tier 1 and 2 events in 2021, 8 involved loss of primary containment with 1 fire and no explosion events. Three events involved recordable injuries.
1 2021 ACC report not available at the time of this publication.
3-year process safety management performance. 
Tier 1 Tier 2. 
Process safety event count Process safety event rate1 1 Tier 1 process safety event rate = (total tier 1 incident number / total work hours) x 200,000 0.024 0.021 0.030 0.009 0.004 0.069. 
Other emissions. 
GRI 305-7, SASB RT-CH-120a.1. 
As required by our EHS Management System, all sites have processes and procedures in place to prevent, monitor and mitigate the impact of environmental releases. These processes and procedures cover releases to air, water or land and ensure the accurate and timely reporting of incidents to the appropriate authorities.
Regarding air emissions, DuPont monitors and manages multiple categories of emissions. In 2021 our emissions of nitrogen oxides were 697 metric tons. Emissions of sulfur oxides were 8 metric tons. Emissions of ozone-depleting substances as defined by the Montreal Protocol totaled 94 metric tons of CFC-11e. Emissions of volatile organic compounds were 979 metric tons and emissions of particulate matter were 13 metric tons.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 55. 
Emergency response training at one of our sites. 
Emergency response. 
The DuPont emergency response program utilizes emergency response assessment, planning, and preparedness procedures to safeguard the environment and the health and safety of our workers on site as well as the people living in the communities in which we operate. Arrangements for emergency containment of hazardous materials, medical response, first aid, treatment and referral are standard practices of all manufacturing locations globally.
DuPont has a robust crisis management process with trained teams and response plans at the site, business, country, and corporate levels. Consistent with our core values, DuPont crisis management principles and response include placing the highest priority on human health and safety and ensuring that our actions are guided by respect for the environment and the communities in which we operate. Highly hazardous materials are identified and managed along with the provision of specialized medical emergency response plans as appropriate.
Audits and evaluation. 
We conduct regular internal first and second-party audits on many of our key activities including safety, health, environmental performance, and compliance with the DuPont Code of Conduct. Third-party audits are also conducted to review this data as part of our process to certify that our EHS management systems operate in conformance with ISO 14001 and RCMS, and in line with DuPont’s third-party auditing commitments for financial, sustainability, and compliance reporting.
The EHS management system audits are used to confirm the effectiveness of our EHS Management Systems including internal and external communications, and workers actively participate in these audits. Each site is required to conduct periodic first-party audits in line with corporate policy. In 2021, we enhanced our 1st Party Audit program with improved training and audit protocols. Our corporate EHS organization leads the second-party audit process for sites, and audits are scheduled on a rotating basis. Each site or business is subject to formal third-party EHS management system auditing requirements according to its EHS-related commitments or certifications, such as RCMS and ISO 14001.
All sites have documented EHS management review meetings at least monthly, and outputs from the annual review of the EHS management system include any decisions and actions related to possible management system changes. The details of the review meetings are communicated to workers. In response to the continued global COVID-19 pandemic, in 2021 we pivoted to a hybrid-remote model to enable audit continuity. We used virtual reality tools to enable on-site review of operations by remote auditors. To ensure employee safety, health, and environmental management system effectiveness and effective implementation of DuPont and legal requirements, we conducted document reviews and interviews remotely, followed by select on-site verifications as determined necessary during virtual reviews.
In 2021, nine third-party site audits were conducted for our RCMS and ISO 14001 systems. Our Process Safety Risk Management program was also audited by external corporate auditors.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 56. 
Employee and contractor safety GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10, SASB RT-CH-320a.1. 
Employees Contractors. 
Exposure hours Exposure hours 48,248,304 66,398,514 61,355,522 70,520,334. 
Days away from work cases1 1 Days Away from Work Case is a work-related case where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or illness.
Days away from work cases1. 
Days away from work case rate1 1 Days Away from Work Case is a work-related case where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or illness.
Days away from work case rate1 0.050 0.060 0.068 0.033 0.027 0.109. 
Total recordable cases1 1 Total Recordable Cases includes Days Away from Work Cases, Restricted Workday Cases, and Medical Treatment Cases.
Total recordable cases2. 
Total recordable case rate1 1 Total Recordable Case Rate = (Number of Recordable Cases X 200,000/Number of Exposure Hours) in a given time period.
Total recordable case rate3 0.209 0.167 0.352 0.224 0.332 0.395 1 Days Away from Work Case is a work-related case where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or illness.
 2 Total Recordable Cases includes Days Away from Work Cases, Restricted. 
Workday Cases, and Medical Treatment Cases.
3 Total Recordable Case Rate = (Number of Recordable Cases X 200,000/
Number of Exposure Hours) in a given time period.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 57. 
Power of connections Empower people to thrive. 
We strive to be an employer of choice by providing employees professional and personal opportunities and experiences and the ability to shape and contribute to our company purpose, strategy, and performance. We pursue initiatives that enhance the health and well-being of our employees, communities, and the world around us.
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 58. 
Overview. 
During 2021 we increased our focus on advancing diversity, equity and inclusion and made significant progress including an industry-leading DE&I dashboard on our website. Our employees embrace our company purpose to help the world to thrive through advocacy, education, volunteerism and giving and they are increasingly passionate about all forms of sustainability. Our customers often comment that one of our most valuable differentiators is our employees—we couldn’t agree more!
For more Empower people to thrive case studies visit our website.
DuPont Asian Group (DPAG) is one of eight DuPont Employee Resource Groups.
Q&A. 
Kim Markiewicz, DuPont Vice President, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. 
What excited you most about taking on this role?
I’m excited that we elevated this role to an executive level position, not for myself, but for the strategic oversight, expanded scope, and impact the role has now. I believe culture makes an organization. Safety has always been a strong part of our culture—now I see DE&I gaining that level of recognition and engagement around the world in alignment with our Respect for People core value. There are efforts to accelerate DE&I every week somewhere across our global organization. That’s exciting and provides an opportunity for me to help our teams make a greater impact within our organization and communities.
What are the most meaningful advances you think we made in 2021?
I think we made a meaningful shift beyond just helping individuals traditionally thought of as diverse feel more included, to celebrating and honoring all forms of diversity. Now, more than ever, we’re building a culture that respects and values all our employees, with more local involvement for broader global impact. For example, we have more employees involved in local ERGs (Employee Resource Groups) outside of the US and I’m thrilled that we’ve been able to increase their funding this year. We’ve done more listening and fostering brave conversations which helped our managers be more informed and better equipped to support their teams.
Do you think our teams recognize that we are making progress?
Recognizing that 2020 was an inflection point, we made advancing DE&I a corporate priority in 2021 and I am so proud of the progress we made. More importantly our employees see progress and that showed up in our IMPACT Survey scores for DE&I which were up significantly vs 2020. Also, we were able to maintain our gender and racial/ethnic minority representation goals in a very tough labor market. Our numbers benchmark well vs. peer companies and the industries in which we participate.
Knowing DE&I is a journey, what’s the next milestone you’d like to hit?
I think we took a huge step forward by publishing our Workforce Demographics Dashboard on our website in 2021. Few other companies in our peer group provide this level of transparency for all to see. Building on this, I’d like to provide more site-specific data so each site can set goals that matter most to them and engage more of their workforce’s enthusiasm and energy. That will take us to the next level of engagement, action and results.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 59. 
Goal. 
Accelerating diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
GRI 405-103. 
Become one of the world’s most inclusive companies, with diversity well ahead of industry benchmarks 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Committed to transparency of workforce demographics by publishing DE&I dashboard and Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) report on our website ɦ In annual employee survey, 3 out of 4 employees agree that DuPont values diverse perspectives, treats employees fairly, and has an inclusive environment ɦ DE&I performance above our benchmarks with 25% gender diversity and 25% ethnic diversity on our Board of Directors and 26% gender diversity and 34% ethnic diversity of DuPont senior leaders ɦ Increased engagement with minority serving institutions including sponsoring 20 four-year scholarships for students attending HBCUs through Future of STEM Scholars Initiative ɦ Committed $10 million over the next 10 years specifically to racial equity and equality and $20 million to the Black Economic Development Fund. 
To thrive in a complex and diverse world, companies need to reflect, support, and nourish diversity—in all forms. DuPont is driven by innovation, which in turn drives creative thoughts and ideas. A diverse workforce will accelerate innovation by bringing more perspectives, ideas and opinions to the table. Diversity and inclusivity improve our ability to understand the varying needs of our customers and consumers, which supports more relevant innovation. We are focused on building a culture of equity and inclusivity, to ensure that everyone feels safe sharing their ideas while respecting the opinions of others. Our future success depends on how well we build an inclusive work environment today, with a strong sense of purpose and belonging so all can thrive.
Our global commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) supports a vibrant workplace that attracts and retains the best talent in a competitive labor market, which ultimately leads to greater organizational resilience through times of change. We commit to accelerate our DE&I progress as we build upon the success anchored in our long-standing core value of respect for people. We have made steady progress in our endeavor to become one of the world’s most inclusive companies with diversity well ahead of industry benchmarks and numerous awards to underscore our continued commitment and results.
See our latest and most prestigious awards in the About our Company section on page 17.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 60. 
Corporate Black Employees Network (CBEN) is one of eight DuPont Employee Resource Groups.
$20 million. 
In 2021, we committed to invest $20 million in the Black Economic Development Fund (BEDF). The BEDF will provide financing to support Black-led financial institutions, anchor institutions, and businesses to incentivize economic activity and wealth building opportunities in Black communities. Improving access to capital for Black-led businesses can have an outsized impact—creating an economic multiplier and advancing racial equity.
Diversity, equity, and inclusion at DuPont. 
GRI 405-1. 
DE&I is core to who we are today and an aspiration for who we will be in the future. We believe the engagement of every employee helps us better understand and serve our customers and in doing so, we strengthen our competitiveness—enabling greater growth and opportunities for all. In 2021 we held our first annual Global DEI Summit with the CEO and the Senior Leadership Team attending to voice their personal commitment to accelerate our DE&I progress. Global DE&I influencers across our organization attended and were inspired to build upon our success.
Our DE&I strategy is based on three key pillars— representation, understanding, and support—and a belief that we need diversity of people and thought at all levels of our organization. We approach the entire employee life cycle events with the lens of DE&I. We continually refresh and evolve our talent management programs, policies, and benefits to meet the expectations of our employees, customers, and other partners around DE&I, and to continue to push for improved performance. We feature interviews with diverse leaders in our career journey videos to inspire our workforce and provoke broader thinking on what leadership looks and sounds like. During our talent reviews, we include an intentional focus on DE&I to ensure that our processes are equitable and inclusive.
Improving employee representation. 
Attracting, developing, advancing, and retaining employees who are representative of the communities in which we operate has been and will continue to be important. We focus on senior leadership representation because we know that without diverse representation at the top, we will not attract and retain the diverse mix of employees we seek across the organization. Senior leadership is responsible for setting the standard and direction for recruiting, retention, and career advancement throughout the organization.
In 2021, our DE&I performance (see data on pages 104–107) outperformed our benchmarks. Approximately 26% of our senior leadership is female, compared to the average 14%1 female representation in senior leadership across the industries in which we operate. Approximately 34% of our senior leadership identify as racial and/or ethnic minorities, compared to the average 18%2 minority senior leadership representation in the industries in which we operate.
1 Vigeo Eiris Global Benchmark, 2018 2 Women in the Workplace 2021 study, McKinsey & Company


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 61. 
To commemorate HBCU Week 2021 and extend Delaware State University’s digital learning initiative, DuPont donated 50 high-end laptops to STEM graduate students and sponsored 50 registrations to the 2021 National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers conference.
Recruiting diverse talent is critical to meeting our aspiration to look like the communities in which we operate. We build the future talent pipeline through external partnerships and by working closely with our ERGs to increase diversity in our candidate pools. We enhanced our existing relationships with historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs), minority serving institutions, and Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) diversity organizations. As part of our leadership with the American Chemistry Council and the American Institute of Chemical Engineers, we support the Future of STEM Scholars Initiative (FOSSI). FOSSI’s goal is to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive future workforce by sponsoring scholarships for qualified students pursuing STEM studies at HBCUs. We sponsor 20 students for four-year scholarships at HBCUs via the FOSSI initiative and all of them are offered DuPont internships as well as mentoring and special development opportunities.
Fostering inclusion and understanding through our employee communities. 
We champion a culture where everyone feels safe to be authentic and is valued for their unique abilities. Our employee resource groups (ERGs), and business resources groups (BRGs) play a critical role in cultivating this culture. While our ERGs are in place to support our minority communities across the entire corporation, BRGs address issues unique to one or more minority communities within a specific DuPont business, site or function. The communities of colleagues represented in these groups are key collaborators in advancing our DE&I strategy. Membership in the groups is open to anyone who is interested and supportive. The culture of inclusion has empowered employees to raise topics of interest, create awareness and advocate for change and resources throughout the organization. Together our ERGs and BRGs cultivate a supportive and inclusive culture where everyone feels welcome and respected.
Our corporate ERGs include: ɦ DuPont Corporate Black Employees Network (CBEN) ɦ DuPont Asian Group (DAG) ɦ DuPont Pride Network (Pride) ɦ DuPont Latin Network (DLN) ɦ DuPont Women’s Network (DWN) ɦ DuPont Veterans Network (DVN) ɦ DuPont Early Career Network (DECN) ɦ DuPont People with Disabilities and Allies (PWDA)
In 2021 we continued to expand our ERGs and BRGs to include more regional and local chapters in the European, Latin American and Asia Pacific regions. Every corporate ERG strengthened their organization to better support their own mission, support other ERGs in solidarity, extend their reach, and make an impact in underrepresented communities. Our ERGs adopted an intersectionality mindset and successfully collaborated on multiple endeavors throughout the year. They not only reached out to their members but also garnered support from their allies.
In the European region, a DE&I council was set up to boost ERG chapter initiatives and focused on expanding the work of DWN, Pride, DECN and PWDA. In Asia, DPAG and DECN ERGs found new members and supporters while exploring diversity matters unique to the region.
On December 2, 2021, the People with Disabilities and Allies ERG sponsored an International Day of Persons with Disabilities Celebration virtual event with more than 1,000 attendees. Guest speakers covered a range of topics, including beating the odds, fostering inclusivity, battling discrimination, and the challenges facing the disability community.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 62. 
In addition to ERGs, several volunteer employee groups became active with the purpose of providing learning and support for employees on contemporary DE&I topics. Specifically, GROW, THRIVE, and CARE teams tackled topics like bringing your full self to work, having respectful conversations, active allyship and more. Learning initiatives such as how to intervene safely as a bystander and say something when we see something, respect for people training and engagement with employees through focus groups on their own sites were introduced to further advance an empathetic and inclusive mindset.
We also enhanced our DE&I communications strategy to include multiple modes of communication and broader reach. We relaunched an internal toolkit on the DE&I intranet to facilitate better understanding across all employee groups. The site features curated DE&I learning materials, including unconscious bias training & respect training. The training covers how to talk about situations that could have gone differently, offers strategies on respectful learning from our differences, and spotlights success stories. These tools help normalize DE&I in the workplace as we all became more comfortable with the uncomfortable.
Supporting equal opportunity for advancement and pay. 
GRI 405-2. 
We are committed to equity in opportunity and pay and we commit to an on-going review of our pay processes to identify and promote the best practices in hiring, compensation, promotion, and career development to drive diverse representation and pay equity across the organization. In 2021 we created a new job leveling framework providing managers with a consistent, global language for understanding job responsibilities and scope across the company. This framework provides a foundation to establish pay levels based on objective factors, including external survey data, required education, and experience.
We conducted another raw pay gap review for our US population. Raw pay gap is the difference in the median pay of employee groups as a result of their representation at different job levels. Listed below is a snapshot of DuPont US raw pay gap results: $1.09. 
US DuPont Women vs. $1.00. 
US DuPont Men $0.89. 
US DuPont Minority vs. $1.00. 
US DuPont Non-Minority. 
This type of review is not an indication of pay disparity. Rather it highlights potential opportunities to increase representation at senior levels. While our results continue to be better than external benchmarks for both US race/ethnicity and gender, DuPont is committed to building a future talent pipeline to increase opportunities for underrepresented talent.
Tracking, transparency, and reporting. 
GRI 102-41. 
In 2021, in the spirit of increased transparency, we published internal and external DE&I dashboards to drive visibility and accountability. Our Workforce Demographics Dashboard provides breakdowns of global gender and US race/ethnicity by job categories, demographic data on our board of directors, as well as our US EEO-1 summary report. About 20% of our North and Latin American workforce are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
Our leaders use DE&I analytics via a suite of internal dashboards that track our efforts to attract, develop, advance, and retain employees across a variety of demographics to realize our vision to look like the communities around us. Leaders take action to improve specific diversity outcomes based on the data shown in our dashboards and those results show in the progress we are making in representation.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 63. 
Diversity at DuPont. 
GRI 405-1.
Gender diversity – 20201 20212 – Female Male Female Male. 
Global workforce 28% 72% 28% 72%
Senior leaders 24% 76% 26% 74%
Board of directors 17% 83% 25% 75%
Global workforce. Data does not include Laird Performance Materials in 2021. 1 n=23,143 2 n=24,155. 
Racial and ethnic diversity – 20201 20212 – Minority White Minority White. 
US workforce 28% 72% 30% 70%
Senior leaders 33% 67% 34% 66%
Board of directors 33% 67% 25% 75%
US workforce. Data does not include Laird Performance Materials in 2021. 1 n=10,472 2 n=11,017. 
Employees in Brazil Employees in China Employees in Taiwan


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 64. 
Goal. 
Cultivating well-being and fulfillment. 
GRI 401-103. 
Create a workplace where employees report high levels of well-being and fulfillment 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Introduced hybrid work principles in early 2021 with four out of five employees reporting strong manager support for flexibility, hybrid-working, and work-life balance ɦ Launched mental health awareness campaign and expanded employee assistance benefits ɦ Introduced “My Career Journey” roadmap with tools, training, and leader insights to drive a fulfilling career at DuPont. 
In the midst of a highly competitive talent market, DuPont increased support for our employees to be their best self— through learning, development, advancement, and work experiences. We encouraged stronger manager-employee relationships to drive retention resulting in attrition far below industry averages. And, in addition to our annual employee engagement survey, we initiated a mid-year pulse survey in 2021 to assess progress on key areas we’re working to improve and invite more employee feedback.
The success of our company depends on our employees, who drive our strategic vision, manage our operations, and develop the products we offer the world. Their holistic well-being is of critical importance. DuPont’s approach to engagement is directly tied to holistic well-being and three areas that people care about—Opportunity, Experience, and Purpose. Our employee value proposition, “My Why” focuses on development of one’s potential, competitive rewards and assignments that drive career and capability growth (Opportunity), feeling connected to the company’s purpose and finding meaning in one’s work (Purpose), and experiencing positive relationships, in an inclusive atmosphere with flexibility that enhances balance (Experience).
Every day and at every stage of their careers, DuPont employees have the support of our Health Services (HS) teams, who provide programs and services aimed at boosting nutrition, fitness, mental well-being, and much more. In addition to exemplifying our core value of safety and health, there’s a strong business case for this work, because investing in our employees’ health and resilience can boost our collective productivity and enable each DuPont employee to achieve their full potential in life and at work.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 65. 
Soliciting employee feedback and measuring progress. 
To better understand the support and resources our employees need, we administer a year-long employee engagement assessment and action planning program. The focal point of the program is the annual IMPACT survey, a comprehensive questionnaire that assesses employee engagement and attitudes about DuPont strategy, sustainability, well-being, connection to purpose, and career development.
The survey is available to all employees and administered in Q4 annually. In Q1, DuPont leaders at all levels review results for their teams to understand engagement trends within their respective organizations so they can both maintain areas of strength and address emerging needs. Each manager with 10 or more respondents takes action on their results by: 1. identifying one engagement theme to focus on during the year; 2. planning two improvement actions, and; 3. committing to three dates to assess progress throughout the year.
In 2021, we introduced a mid-year Pulse survey to obtain input from employees on a subset of 10-15 priority items where we want to track progress more frequently; this assessment serves as one of the three progress checks for most leaders. Adding the mid-year check reinforces our commitment to keep listening and improving as needs of our employees change and the context of the company and the external world changes. In 2021, 68% of DuPont employees completed the annual IMPACT survey in November and 50% of all employees completed the mid-year Pulse survey in June. Key learnings from the surveys were: ɦ Overall satisfaction with DuPont remained positive and perceptions regarding DE&I improved significantly.
ɦ Employees report strong manager support for flexibility and hybrid working and believe DuPont cares about their well-being, which is strongly correlated with overall employee satisfaction and is therefore a critical strength to maintain.
ɦ Employee rating of DuPont performance on environmental sustainability and social responsibility remained on par with last year and above Fortune 100 benchmark.
ɦ Regarding opportunities for improvement, employees want to hear more about our strategy and how it benefits all stakeholders, and they want to see more recognition and celebration of our successes.
We evolve the survey instrument annually to ensure that we are measuring the elements that matter most to our workforce, both tracking critical year-over-year trends and responding to emerging environmental and cultural events that may influence engagement. For example, we adapted the survey in 2020 and 2021 to integrate items to assess employee attitudes about our response to COVID-19 and we also recognize that the continued shifts in our portfolio require more frequent communication of our strategy and vision for the company.
Maintaining employee well-being during the pandemic and beyond. 
GRI 403-6, SASB RT-CH-320a.2. 
The global COVID-19 pandemic further highlighted the need for dedicated mental health resources for employees. All around the world our employees showed great resilience and strength in adapting to the “new normal” of quarantine life. For some employees it meant working full time from home while balancing family needs, and for others it meant increased safety measures and restrictions while performing essential work in DuPont facilities. Whatever the personal circumstance, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to require unprecedented resilience, patience, and mental and emotional flexibility from our employees around the globe.
In 2021, we communicated a set of Global Workplace Principles to guide our approach to flexible working as the severity of COVID-19 pandemic wanes and evolves. We created a “Hybrid Working @ DuPont” Toolkit to help embrace these principles effectively and to lay out a set of guidelines to help managers and teams adapt to working routines with increased flexibility and virtual work. The toolkit contains practical guidance, answers to frequently asked questions, technology tips, and case studies to help teams succeed with hybrid work arrangements while managing associated challenges. Hybrid working empowers many employees to decide when and where they perform their best work. We become accountable to deliver high quality work, without focusing on time spent at an office desk. This leads to great outcomes for DuPont and enhanced well-being for more employees with increased ways to balance their work and family life.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 66. 
Supporting holistic well-being. 
GRI 403-6, SASB RT-CH-320a.2. 
Mental health. 
Given the health, social, and other changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, mental health has become a primary concern for many people around the world. DuPont responded by providing regional, culturally appropriate mental health programs for our employees.
The Mental Health First Aid (MHFA) course teaches how to identify, understand and respond to signs of mental illnesses and substance use disorders. The training teaches skills needed to reach out and provide initial help and support to someone who may be developing a mental health or substance use problem or experiencing a crisis. Twenty HS staff in NA completed the MHFA training in 2021 and additional training is scheduled for HS staff and DuPont First Responders in 2022. In addition, more than 50 Supervisors and Site leaders in NA attended Mental Health Awareness training in 2021, with additional training scheduled for supervisors in 2022.
Broader-based webinars focusing on Mental Health topics were offered in NA throughout 2021 reaching more than 1,200 DuPont employees.
For many years DuPont has provided no-cost Employee Assistance Program (EAP) services to employees and their immediate household members. Our expanded EAP services support a variety of work-life and mental health needs, including resources for individual or family counseling and child-care, elder care, substance abuse, legal, and financial services. In 2021, we enhanced the mental health services provided through our EAP from six counseling sessions to 12 sessions per issue, per employee and/or employee household member. That means that an employee suffering from depression and in need of family counseling, can use our EAP for 24 total counseling sessions. Services are confidential and provided in the local language by local providers either virtually or in-person.
In 2021, we also launched a global employee resource called Resilience Checkpoint™. This resource will increase employees’ capacity to deal effectively with stress and overcome challenges by assessing an employee’s perceived and actual resilience levels and offering personalized referrals to the appropriate improvement techniques. Resilience Checkpoint™ evaluates employee resilience across four different dimensions of stress management and emotional wellness, using monitoring tools to evaluate the impact of intervention strategies and improvement programs. We rolled this platform out across our North American and Latin American regions and will expand to the remaining regions in 2022 as more language capabilities come online.
Nutrition and wellness. 
Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, employees need flexible options for their nutrition and wellness programs. Globally, DuPont HS provides well-being programs such as virtual or on-site health assessments, walking challenges, nutrition awareness events, and online resources. Our NA region also has access to online health resources to help employees improve their overall well-being, including healthy habit tracking, virtual health coaching, financial well-being courses, and online modules to practice mindfulness, stress reduction techniques, yoga, and more.
Dr. Emma Lu, DuPont HS Medical Director, Asia Pacific region, received the China Healthy Workplace Award in recognition of the whole-health services and occupational health rights advocacy provided to DuPont employees across China. The award was issued by People’s Daily Online, People’s Health, and China Health Management Association.
An employee yoga class offered at DuPont Mexico


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 67. 
Investing in career development. 
GRI 404-103. 
We offer employees the ability to contribute meaningfully, together, through challenging experiences, and an open environment of mutual respect. We offer development and learning opportunities for all employees.
In 2021, we expanded existing programs and introduced new tools to enhance the employee experience. We launched My Career Journey, a suite of materials to help employees purposefully shape their own unique DuPont careers. This joins the “My Why” and “My How” discussion frameworks designed to build mutual understanding between employees and their leaders around the value of a career at DuPont and how to develop a roadmap that will help employees maximize their career value and goals. The “My Why” and “My How” are essential mechanisms to enhance conversations and depth of engagement, and they form the basis for individual and organizational support for talent development.
In 2021, we launched our ASCEND leadership training course. Designed to elevate existing leaders, this course targets our experienced business and functional leaders and builds their collective capacity to lead in an ever-changing, complex, and dynamic business environment. In the first year, 104 leaders in two cohorts across 21 countries participated. 2021 was the second year of our LAUNCH leadership program, which is designed for new and aspiring leaders to learn about leading and managing high-performance teams. In the second year, 412 employees across all our businesses and geographic regions completed the LAUNCH course.
Providing ongoing education. 
GRI 403-5, GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2. 
At DuPont, we’re committed to creating innovative talentmanagement opportunities that are aligned to the strategic needs of our workforce and help unleash the potential of our people. We offer a diverse set of training, education, and development opportunities, both formally and informally, throughout the year.
Each business has ongoing training programs that are designed to maximize the performance of our employees to meet their business objectives, including better health and safety outcomes. We maintain an employee learning hub where all employees can access educational tools for continuous learning, personal development, and re-skilling. Our employees can access courses from GetAbstract, LinkedIn Learning, and Harvard Mentor Manager that cover a wide range of topics in areas such as Leadership & Management, Sales & Marketing, Finance, Manufacturing, Human Resources, Sustainability, Information Technology, Personal Skills, and Safety & Health.
As an example, in 2021 our global Science & Innovation team launched the “Technology Learning Academy,” a virtual learning environment where subject-matter experts train technical audiences on concepts and skills within our technology and innovation ecosystem. The content is defined based on innovators’ feedback of what we need, in sync with our innovation strategy to increase the speed, scale, and impact of our growth investments. Topics include data analysis, experimentation, communication, and more.
In 2021, DuPont employees completed an average of 30.4 hours of compliance and job-specific training. This represents a significant increase in the average training hours per employee driven by much broader adaptation of the iLearn on-line training system and more compliance training overall. This does not include additional voluntary, skillsbased, leadership, and personal development training.
GRI 401-1. 
The turnover rate (annualized voluntary resignation rate1) in 2021 was 5.1%. This is slightly higher than prior year but consistent with general labor market trends during 2021. Historically, DuPont has had the benefit of low attrition, and while last year was higher than normal it was still significantly below industry benchmarks. In recognition of the more challenging labor market, we increased recruiting and retention efforts. We also recognize that a certain level of attrition is healthy and provides an opportunity to refresh, upgrade capability, and provide development opportunities for other employees.
1 Annualized Formula: (Total Terms of given period / Average headcount of the given period) *100 (same calculation used in 2020).


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 68. 
Goal. 
Building thriving communities. 
Improve over 100 million lives through targeted social impact programs 2021 key accomplishments ɦ Impacted more than 3.5 million lives since January 2020 with more than 450 charitable projects across 29 countries in 2021 ɦ Launched a three-year $1.5 million partnership with Discovery Education and the Delaware Department of Education to drive STEM exposure to more than 75,000 students and STEM professional development to more than 8,500 teachers in Delaware middle and high schools, with a focus on under-represented students ɦ Partnered with water.org to impact more than 100,000 lives through targeted clean water access and hygiene programs ɦ Donated building and construction products to nearly 125 Habitat for Humanity affiliates and financially supported 17 volunteer-led home building events ɦ United Way of Delaware (UWDE) honored DuPont and its employees with the “Diamond Anniversary Award,” recognizing the company’s 75-year partnership and impact in Delaware


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 69. 
A Habitat for Humanity home build near our Wilmington headquarters.
Building thriving communities. 
SASB RT-CH-210a.1. 
Our global community impact strategy delivers on our company purpose to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive and enables us to be a valued partner and neighbor in our communities.
We believe we can make the greatest impact for both communities and our company by leveraging our assets, resources and unique capabilities as a science-based, innovation-driven company. With this mindset, our employees, businesses, and even our customers are able to participate in a shared community impact vision that positively impacts people’s lives. Working together, we create measurable, outcome-based programs and activities with our community partners.
Our community impact strategy stands on three primary pillars: Basics to Thrive, STEM Education, and Innovations for Good. We provide support for basic needs in the areas of food, water, hygiene, shelter, and safety. We support the promise of a good education for all, specifically in STEM studies to inspire the next generation of a diverse and productive technical workforce. We leverage DuPont products, technology and innovation to help solve some of the world’s most challenging problems.
The work we do to build and support thriving communities is driven by the passion and expertise of our employees who give their time, talent, and treasure to make a difference in the places we live and work. For instance, our volunteers have helped build Habitat for Humanity homes for families that have worked hard to realize the dream of home ownership. Others have committed to mentoring students who struggle with food insecurity and financial stability. And some work with community organizations to provide young, single parents in crisis with a safe place to live and a supportive environment. Around the world, the people of DuPont are connecting with and giving back to their communities in so many ways. In the following pages we share a few examples of how we enable people to thrive.
Community impact focus areas. 
Empower communities with the basics to thrive ɦ Focused on access to basic needs ɦ Prioritize scalable solutions ɦ Catalyze hands-on volunteerism. 
Enable the next generation workforce through STEM education ɦ Focused on scalable, systemic solutions ɦ Prioritize under-represented populations ɦ Catalyze skills-based volunteerism. 
Leverage our innovations for good ɦ Focused on solving global challenges through innovation, technology, and collaboration


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 70. 
Evolving our strategy to increase impact 2021 continued to be a year of extraordinary need. As the pandemic, workforce disruptions, and significant basic needs persisted on a global scale, those who were already underserved were impacted the most. To make the greatest impact, we continued to adapt our support. For example, we initiated new social impact collaborations through our businesses and external global partners, such as our partnership with Water.org to increase access to clean water in countries with water scarcity challenges, and a new STEM partnership with Discovery Education to increase highquality STEM career and technical education for middle and high school students across the state of Delaware.
In 2021 we also: ɦ Increased the proportion of community investments outside of the US ɦ Enhanced our data collection processes to better capture baseline information and essential diversity impact metrics ɦ Piloted a new tool to catalyze and capture employee volunteer service hours ɦ Strengthened our measurement systems to capture and track the impact our sites and employees have in their local communities. 
By focusing on both depth and scale, we continue to make progress against our goal and create meaningful differences in the lives of people in our communities around the world.
Since January 2020 we estimate that we have impacted more than 3.5 million lives for the better. In 2021 we supported more than 450 charitable projects globally via grants and cash donations. Of these, 70% of the projects were in the US and the projects outside the US reached 29 countries. Ninety one percent of US grants supported communities in which we operate.
2021 giving by focus area1 1 Data reflects grants funded through the corporate Global Community. 
Impact budget. 
STEM education 30%
Environment 12%
Basics to thrive 52%
Other 6% 52% Basics to thrive 30% STEM education 12% Environment 6% Other. 
Understanding our reach and impact on diverse populations with the greatest challenges and needs is fundamental to our investment strategy. Although the number of people reached is an important metric from an output perspective, true outcome-based impact requires an understanding of the societal change we seek to affect, the approach needed to make it happen, and a sound strategy to measure results. In 2021, we increased the collection and scale of diversity data we require from our non-profit partners to create more targeted programming and drive more impactful outcomes.
More than 450 charitable projects across 29 countries in 2021. 
DuPont supports STEM education through the Trail Ambassadors youth program at DuPont Environmental Education Center


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 71. 
Community impact strategy. 
Focusing our assets to scale community impact and outcomes aligned with our purpose and core values. 
Focus areas. 
Basics to thrive Next generation workforce. 
Innovations for good. 
Outcome. 
Empowering the world with the essential innovations to thrive. 
Assets and actions. 
Community service Board leadership Financial support. 
Mentoring Intellectual capital/ technology. 
Products/in-kind donations. 
Innovation centers and labs. 
Skills-based volunteering. 
Social impact partnerships. 
Investment criteria. 
Human centered. 
Diverse and inclusive. 
Outcome driven


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 72. 
Partnering to drive scale. 
To be most effective, community impact requires both internal and external collaboration. By leveraging the specific expertise within our DuPont businesses, we are able to create and scale partnerships for a greater impact. This was the second year of our partnership with Habitat for Humanity International (HfHI), which is sponsored by our Performance Building Solutions (PBS) business. This partnership allows us to help families build a brighter future through the use of donated building materials and the hearts and hands of our employee volunteers. Due to ongoing COVID challenges employee volunteer opportunities were limited, but our commitment to our community impact partner organizations was steadfast. In 2021, we donated building material products to nearly 125 Habitat for Humanity affiliates across the US and Canada, and funded volunteer-led home building events for 17 affiliates in DuPont communities.
In 2021, we announced a new STEM Education partnership, sponsored by our Electronics & Industrial business, in collaboration with Discovery Education and the Delaware Department of Education. This three-year, $1.5 million commitment aims to address the need to increase the STEM talent pipeline by exposing students, especially those who are under-represented, to STEM concepts and career pathways. By targeting middle and high school students with amazing in-person and digital STEM content and lesson plans to help them “see who they can be” even in asynchronous teaching environments, we will help spark STEM career aspirations at an early age. The early results are promising. Between October 1, 2021 and January 31, 2022, Discovery Education content was used in 95 schools across Delaware reaching more than 8,600 students and more than 800 educators.
Our DuPont Water Solutions business embeds social impact in the business model and market strategy. Our Global Community Impact team continued to partner with this business to engage nonprofits that are leaders in solving global water problems including water.org. For example, in 2021, we partnered with Kusini Water to donate technology and expertise to a community-based water purification project at Reneilwe Primary School in South Africa. By installing a new ultrafiltration membrane and ultraviolet light system to remove impurities from groundwater pumped out of a new borehole, up to 4,000 liters of solarpowered, healthy drinking water per hour were supplied.
In June 2021, as part of celebrating its 75th anniversary year, United Way of Delaware (UWDE) named DuPont and its employees as recipients of the “Diamond Anniversary Award,” recognizing the company’s enduring partnership with UWDE since 1946. DuPont has been UWDE’s longest running and most generous corporate partner, making significant annual corporate contributions to UWDE over the decades, and tens of thousands of DuPont employees have volunteered countless hours in service to their community, supporting early education, college and career readiness, and financial stability initiatives for the people of Delaware.
United Way of Delaware awarded DuPont the “Diamond Anniversary Award” for 75 years of partnership.
DuPont is partnering with Discovery Education and the Delaware Department of Education to provide STEM education in Delaware.
DuPont Water Solutions partnered with Kusini Water to donate water technology and expertise to Reneilwe Primary School in South Africa.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 73. 
By enabling our sites around the world to choose and support local partners, we amplify our global strategy while empowering local communities. Here are a few examples: ɦ Helping to alleviate hunger: We support food banks in DuPont communities around the globe—such as the Fundación Banco de Alimentos Asturias in Asturias, Spain; the Chesterfield Food Bank near our Spruance site in Virginia; and Alimento Para Todos in Mexico—with general operating funds. And in our headquarter community, we support the Food Bank of Delaware’s school backpack program and their L.O.G.I.C. workforce development program, which aims to train underemployed people with barriers to employment in the logistics and warehousing fields.
ɦ Cultivating student interest in STEM: We support Leap Science & Math Schools in South Africa to help students from high-need communities understand STEM career options and afford university studies. In Shanghai, China employee volunteers visited the Shanghai World Foreign Language Primary School to inspire student interest in science and technology. We also support Robotics teams in a variety of US locations including Edina, MN; Marlborough, MA; Towanda, PA; and Wilmington, DE.
ɦ Innovating across borders: Partnering with the Australian Water Association and the Cambodian Water Supply Association, we successfully installed a new drinking water treatment system in Prek Chik Commune, Battambang Province, Cambodia—impacting about 3,000 customers. This was part of a broader project between all parties to share knowledge and innovation in supporting a more sustainable water future.
ɦ Clear into the Future®: This is a decades-long, employeeled, global grant program created to drive positive environmental impact in DuPont communities. This competitive grant program is held annually with awards going to non-profits and educational institutions. Our employees nominate external projects that impact one or more of the following: climate change adaptation and mitigation, water stewardship, circular economy and ecosystem services. In 2021, we awarded 24 grants to nonprofit and academic institutions in 7 countries and experienced more than 30% increase in employee applications. Aligned with our goal to expand our impact, more than twice as many countries received grants as compared to the prior year.

DuPont employees at the Alimento Para Todos food bank in Mexico City. DuPont volunteers facilitate STEM education at the Shanghai World Foreign Language Primary School.
Clear into the Future® awarded a grant to the Girls Grow Greens program at Odyssey Charter School in Wilmington, USA.
Catalyzing employee volunteerism. 
One way to create a workplace where employees experience high well-being and fulfilment is to fuel their passions, build their skills, and provide them opportunities to connect with and enhance their communities.
In 2021, we piloted MyGiving Hub—a new technology platform that helps employees find volunteering opportunities, track their service hours and celebrate successes—at seven sites in the US The platform will allow us to better measure progress against our Thriving Communities goal. We invited employees at these pilot sites to visit MyGiving Hub frequently to search and sign up for company-sponsored volunteer events, log their personal volunteer hours if they desired, and share photos and insights from their experience with colleagues. While the pandemic continued to present challenges for in-person volunteering, virtual volunteer opportunities remained popular. During the three-month pilot, we recorded over 3,800 service hours impacting 135 different nonprofit organizations. Late in 2021, we expanded our pilot outside the US to Spain, and are planning continued global rollout in 2022 and 2023.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 74. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 75. 
Code of conduct. 
GRI 102-16. 
All DuPont employees are expected to understand and comply with the DuPont Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct also applies to our Board of Directors and all our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, and joint ventures in which we have a majority interest or operating responsibility.
The Code of Conduct includes our company policies on matters of business ethics, anti-corruption, and conflicts of interest and requires every employee to conduct the company’s business with integrity, in compliance with applicable laws, and in a way that excludes consideration of their own personal advantage. The DuPont Code of Conduct is our foremost global policy and lays out our expectations regarding bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, political contributions, government relations, environmental protection and sustainability, product stewardship, human rights, respect for people, ethics reporting, and more.
The DuPont Code of Conduct is available in 24 languages on www.dupont.com. The document explains in detail what it means to exhibit our Core Values of Highest Ethical Behavior and Respect for People. Employees receive annual training and frequent communications on the Code of Conduct, and we provide training resources via our employee intranet. For example: ɦ New employees receive training on our Core Values and the DuPont Code of Conduct.
ɦ Every year, all DuPont employees worldwide must complete and become certified in the DuPont Code of Conduct course, a web-based training module covering ethics, anti-corruption, and related topics.
ɦ We periodically issue internal Business Ethics Bulletins and ETHICS Connections to highlight positive and negative business conduct and workplace behaviors, and increase employee understanding of the Code of Conduct and the seriousness of ethical misconduct.
ɦ Each DuPont function and business unit has an Ethics & Compliance Champion who plays a key role in improving and advancing ethics and compliance within their part of the company and helps coordinate ethics and compliance training.
ɦ Once a year, members of the DuPont Board of Directors must sign and acknowledge their additional obligations under the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for the DuPont Board of Directors.
Reporting ethics concerns. 
DuPont offers multiple channels to report suspected misconduct, solicit guidance for a potential ethics concerns, or learn more about our positions on the topics covered in the Code of Conduct. Employees and contractors can report ethics concerns through management, Human Resources, the DuPont Ethics and Compliance Hotline (DuPont Hotline), our online reporting portal, or directly to a Compliance Officer or Champion. Our community members are also encouraged to use the DuPont Hotline and our online reporting portal to report any suspected ethical violations. All concerns are duly considered and investigated as DuPont promotes an open speak up culture and has zero-tolerance to retaliation.
The DuPont Hotline is a multilingual and free phone number available to anyone with a DuPont-related ethics concern, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week in more than 25 languages. Through our online reporting portal, any employee, contractor, or member of the general public can create a unique user ID and password to submit a confidential concern to the third-party provider.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 76. 
Ethics investigations. 
GRI 102-16. 
DuPont treats all reports of ethical concerns, including direct reports from employees to management, calls to the DuPont Hotline, and all submissions to our reporting website, as confidential. Management in relevant ethics or security oversight positions share information only with the employee(s) who are needed to address the question or concern. In some cases, the company may be required to share the information with legal authorities. Individuals reporting concerns can request to remain anonymous. Under those circumstances, the company will protect the reporter’s anonymity if possible, in line with applicable laws and regulations.
Our Global Ethics Investigations (GEI) team is part of an independent Ethics & Compliance Central function that reports regularly to the DuPont Board of Directors. The GEI team reviews all reported allegations of suspected ethics violations and oversees all investigations, coordinating as needed with Corporate Security, Human Resources, Legal, and other functions within the company. The team has been trained in fraud prevention and detection, forensic accounting, law enforcement, and other relevant disciplines. When an incident involves suspected corruption or any other violation of our core values, the GEI team gathers the information needed for a decision on whether to pursue the issue—which could then lead to a root cause analysis, disciplinary action, and other control improvements, as appropriate. If necessary, an ethics investigation could be referred to local, federal, or regional authorities for further investigation. Lessons learned from investigations are communicated through our Business Ethics Bulletins, ETHICS Connections, and other training venues while protecting the privacy of those involved.
In 2021, DuPont received 81 ethics complaints, 22 of these were substantiated resulting in disciplinary actions. After full and careful investigations, the remaining 59 cases were unsubstantiated. Though unsubstantiated, many of these matters illuminate opportunities to improve performance, communication, oversight or other issues through management’s investigative efforts.
Human rights. 
DuPont is committed to promoting and advancing human rights in line with the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Our Code of Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Core Values work together to ground our actions, and root our relationships with employees, customers, suppliers and local communities, in professionalism, dignity and respect. These guidelines are keystones of DuPont culture, and dictate our operational decisions pertaining to human rights, respect for people, and freedom of association, in line with our endorsement of the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact.
We intentionally work with suppliers that are aligned with our Core Values. Through our procurement policies and engagement procedures, we seek to promote behaviors that are reflected in our Human Rights Policy and our Statement on Child and Forced Labor. Our DuPont Supplier Code of Conduct details the operational standards and requirements that are applicable to all DuPont suppliers, including requirements to: ɦ Provide safe working conditions at supplier sites; ɦ Enforce prohibition on the use of human trafficking, forced labor, or child labor; ɦ Promote and enable an inclusive work environment free of harassment and discrimination; and, ɦ Meet or exceed all legal requirements for compensation and working conditions.
We believe that collaboration is essential to meeting our Human Rights commitments. To that end, we are developing and refining risk management processes that will help us assess and mitigate human rights impacts from our operations, including our supply chain partners.
Non-discrimination. 
DuPont does not discriminate against employees or applicants for employment because of age, race, religion, color, gender, disability, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, marital status, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status with respect to any terms or condition of employment, including hiring, promotion, demotion, transfer, recruitment, termination, rates of pay, or other forms of compensation and selection for training. Regions and countries may have additional grounds to establish non-discrimination policies based on the local cultural dynamics.
We do not tolerate harassment in any form. It may interfere with an individual’s work performance or create an intimidating or offensive work environment. Harassment can include slurs or derogatory comments, offers of job benefits in exchange for favors, and other forms of offensive behavior. Harassment can include conduct directed at or by a DuPont employee, or an employee of the company’s customers or suppliers, or other business associates.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 77. 
Supplier engagement. 
GRI 308-103, GRI 414-103. 
We encourage all our suppliers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, improve energy efficiency and reduce waste and all DuPont suppliers are expected to uphold the DuPont Supplier Code of Conduct (Supplier Code). The Supplier Code includes the principles of the UNGC and the International Labour Organization (ILO) and details supplier expectations on matters of the environment, labor, human rights, and impacts on society. We include the Supplier Code of Conduct in our Terms and Conditions for all supplier purchase orders. This is in addition to existing contract language and other mechanisms in place to make sure our suppliers adhere to our Human Rights Policy, Supplier Code, and all applicable laws and regulations.
We select suppliers based on category and commodity strategies using a robust six-step strategic sourcing process and a five-step stakeholder approval process. Business/ Functional input plays a key role in category strategy and supplier selection. While spend is a key criterion, criticality to the Business or Function can influence the category and supplier priority level for further risk assessment and supply continuity consideration.
Once selected and onboarded, we evaluate our suppliers based on parameters including, but not limited to contract value, geopolitical risks, ethics and compliance history, and security practices. Suppliers that meet a certain risk threshold based on these and other parameters are determined to be “critical” suppliers. We evaluate new critical suppliers on matters of product quality management, security, business ethics and transparency, climate change and water security practices, human rights due diligence, and operational excellence. For some strategic suppliers, based on criticality to the business/function, we have two types of supplier management programs: 1. Supplier Performance Management (SPM) programs involve Raw Materials and Packaging suppliers by business, plant, and region and are managed by the businesses. Performance scorecards and corrective action reports are typical outputs of these programs.
2. Supplier Relationship Management (SRM) programs are built around relationship and performance management and are managed by corporate Procurement. Typical outputs of these programs are balanced scorecards, relationship health scorecards and corrective action reports. These programs include strategic suppliers in categories including corporate services (consulting, marketing, fleet management, travel, etc.), MRO (controls, construction services, etc.) and logistics (road transportation, warehousing, etc.).
In 2022, we will integrate sustainability topics in our supplier risk performance indicators. We are currently developing a more robust, risk-based supplier engagement program to help evaluate and minimize supply chain risk across multiple dimensions of sustainability for our existing suppliers and are building capacity to evaluate key suppliers on sustainability topics on an annual basis.
Our support for supplier diversity. 
We were one of the first companies (49 years ago) to commit to supplier diversity as an essential business strategy and have established a goal to increase our 2022 diverse supplier spend by 5%. We are constantly working to include small and diverse businesses among our sources of supply and help these businesses develop into competitive suppliers. We work closely with these diverse suppliers to help them understand the DuPont business model and other elements of our procurement strategy. This includes small business, minority-owned, women-owned, veteran-owned, disabledowned, LGBTQ+ owned, amongst others. For more information on DuPont’s Supplier Diversity Program and the categories of business ownership engaged, please visit DuPont’s Supplier Center website.
Our supplier diversity goals include ensuring they’re included in our competitive bid process, and sponsoring and attending outreach events. We engage our top suppliers to support supplier diversity, and we reinforce this expectation in our Supplier Code of Conduct, which encourages our suppliers to develop a diverse supply base themselves in support of the materials and services they provide to us. One of our KPIs is measuring “Tier II” spending—how often our suppliers themselves contract with diverse suppliers in the performance of their work with DuPont. We will be expanding this program in 2022 to include more suppliers.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 78. 
Cyber security and data privacy. 
Security threats and data breaches are common across the industry today, requiring companies, including DuPont, to continually advance their efforts to secure information. DuPont deploys information security solutions to protect our systems, applications, data, and people, and to meet regulatory and customer obligations. DuPont uses these information security solutions to detect and respond to cybersecurity threats, protect proprietary and personal information, and ensure proper use of computing resources in compliance with policies and aligned to our core values and Code of Conduct.
The types of data we collect and how we use that data are available in our Privacy Statement on our website at: Privacy | DuPont. Together with DuPont’s Global Information Privacy Policy, these policies describe DuPont practices regarding information that we collect through the website or mobile applications owned and controlled by DuPont. Before transferring Personal Information to a third party, we require a data transfer agreement to ensure our contractors and suppliers also adhere to established data protection standards.
Proper protection and use of company resources is a fundamental responsibility of each employee and covered in our DuPont Code of Conduct. Employees must safeguard company computers, networks and other digital devices and systems to protect important company information. Our privacy teams use advanced organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect sensitive data, proprietary company information and our network systems in accordance with industry best practices and local privacy laws.
Education and oversight. 
On-line data privacy and information security training is required for new employees as well as all employees every 2 years. Additional training is conducted for employees with access to sensitive employee or customer data. In addition to compulsory training, in 2021 we increased awareness of cyber-threats through various methods including global emails, Yammer announcements, phishing simulations, and phishing-specific training.
DuPont’s Chief Privacy Officer and Chief Information Security Officer are responsible for the development and oversight of our data privacy and information security programs. DuPont also has a global privacy team to consult, train and drive execution of the privacy standards in the organization. These roles include regional privacy program leaders and staff representing Human Resources, Legal, Finance, Procurement, Marketing/Sales, Information Technology, and the businesses. The Chief Privacy Officer and Chief Information Security Officer provide regular updates to senior leadership and the Chief Compliance Officer. The information security and privacy risk areas are also periodically reviewed with our Board of Directors.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 79. 
About this report. 
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 80. 
Reporting practices. 
GRI 102-50, GRI 102-51, GRI 102-52, GRI 102-54. 
This document is the third annual report of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. This report covers DuPont activities from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted. We released our last sustainability report on June 21, 2021.
For the purposes of this report, references to “us,” “our,” “the company,” or “DuPont” refer to the entity DuPont de Nemours, Inc. There is an online microsite that highlights the information published in this report, found here. The microsite for our sustainability report contains case studies, stories of progress, and other DuPont sustainability highlights, conveniently organized into a Sustainability Stories Hub. This document goes into further detail on various aspects of our 2021 sustainability performance data and management processes compared to the online content.
We commit to annually report our sustainability performance in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option. This report also adheres to the Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB) Resource Transformation— Chemicals (RT-CH) Standard. This is also our first year aligning our sustainability report content with the reporting recommendations outlined by the Task Force on ClimateRelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Sections of this report are tagged with applicable GRI, SASB, and TCFD references. Our GRI and SASB Content Index are available at the end of this report and available as separate downloads on our report website.
DuPont de Nemours, Inc. is a signatory to the UN Global Compact and adheres to its ten principles. This report serves as our communication of progress.
You can find a downloadable version of our GRI and SASB Index, as well as our responses to the CDP Climate Change and CDP Water Security questionnaires, on our Resources & Downloads webpage.
Reporting scope. 
GRI 102-10, GRI 102-45, GRI 102-46. 
The scope of this report includes facilities owned and operated by DuPont de Nemours, Inc., and our consolidated subsidiaries during calendar-year 2021 unless otherwise noted in the report. The table below reflects shifts in our portfolio and how they were treated in this report unless otherwise noted.
The Mobility & Materials segment is included in this report reflecting our 2021 portfolio. On February 18, 2022, DuPont announced that it entered into definitive agreements to divest a majority of its Mobility & Materials segment, excluding certain Advanced Solutions and Performance Resins businesses, to Celanese Corporation.
Consistent with best practices and applicable reporting framework guidelines such as the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and GRI Reporting Principles, where applicable, we include acquisition environmental data in our reporting following the acquisitions’ first full year of operation, or as soon as possible.
We also include safety data from acquired sites in our corporate totals for the first full year of operation following acquisition if possible. An exception is if an acquired site has a recordable incident during the year it is acquired, in which case we include the incident(s) and person-hours for the affected site beginning with the month in which the incident(s) occurred.
Financial, legal, and governance information, including our 2021 Annual Report and 2022 Proxy Statement, is available on our investor website. Prior years’ sustainability reports are available on our Resources & Downloads webpage.
Treatment of recent acquisitions and divestitures in this report. 
Business Divest or Acquire Month of Transaction. 
Company, Business. 
Description and. 
Relevant Financials. 
Narrative HR Data EHS Data. 
Nutrition and Biosciences Divest Feb-21 Out Out Out Out. 
Solamet Divest Jun-21 In Out Out Out. 
CleanTech Divest Dec-21 In Out Out Out. 
Biomaterials Divest 2022 In Out In In. 
Desalitech, Inge, Memcor, OxyMem Acquire 2019/2020 In In In In. 
Core Matrix™ Technology Acquire Feb-21 In Out NA NA. 
Laird Performance Materials Acquire Jul-21 In Out Out Out. 
Max Life Indistries, ArmorWall Business Acquire Oct-21 In Out Out Out


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 81. 
Reporting process. 
GRI 102-46. 
We develop the content of the report based on our materiality assessment of sustainability issues and the resulting sustainability strategy and goals. Leaders and relevant subject matter experts from each business unit and operational function develop and review report content. Our senior leadership, including our Chief Technology & Sustainability Officer (CTSO) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), review the final report prior to publication. Additionally, we obtain third-party assurance of a portion of our sustainability data.
The Environment, Health, Safety, and Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors review the report prior to publication, and the Audit Committee review the data reporting and assurance processes for all data published within the report.
Data measurement techniques and basis of calculations. 
We use internal data management and analysis systems to ensure consistent and accurate data collection and aggregation from our facilities. For the majority of our environmental and people indicators, our teams conduct quarterly quality control checks to ensure the reliability of both facility-specific and aggregated data.
We provide more detail about our data tracking and calculation methodologies throughout this report.
Due to rounding, individual numbers in text, charts, and tables may not sum to the totals shown. The unit of currency used in this report is US dollars.
External assurance. 
GRI 102-56. 
DuPont contracts an independent third party, WSP, to provide a limited level of assurance on our energy and water usage; greenhouse gas emissions; diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) datasets; and employee and contractor safety information using the ISO 14064-3 standard. The most recent statement of verification, which details the scope, activities, and conclusions of WSP’s engagement, is included in the Appendix at the end of this report and on our Resources & Downloads webpage.
In addition, DuPont has longstanding policies and practices to provide assurance regarding the accuracy of the data within the report. For instance, internal and second-party audits are conducted on many of DuPont’s key activities including safety, health, environmental performance, financial accounting, and compliance with the DuPont Code of Conduct. We also conduct third-party audits to review operational data and policies as part of our certification and conformance processes for ISO 14001 and the American Chemistry Council (ACC) Responsible Care® Management System and Product Safety Code.
Feedback. 
GRI 102-53. 
For copies of our publicly available policies, or for more information regarding our operations, please visit our website at dupont.com. You can also email us at sustainability@dupont.com.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 82. 
Appendix. 
Our sustainability strategy. 
Our company. 
Innovate for good. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Ethics, respect, and responsibility. 
About this report. 
Appendix


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 83. 
GRI Content Index. 
GRI 102-55. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016 102-1 Name of the organization DuPont de Nemours, Inc. 13 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services 13, 16 102-3 Location of headquarters Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America 13 102-4 Location of operations -14 102-5 Ownership and legal form 13 102-7 Scale of the organization. 
Confidentiality constraints. Quantity of products or services provided is not disclosed to protect competitive information.
14 102-8 Information on employees and other workers. 
Information unavailable. Breakdowns between permanent and temporary and full and part-time employees are not aggregated for disclosure.
103 102-9 Supply chain 16 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 16, 80 102-11 Precautionary principle or approach 31 102-12 External initiatives 12 102-13 Memberships of associations 12 102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 3. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s) 102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior - 15, 75, 76 102-18 Governance structure 10 102-40 List of stakeholder groups 11 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements. 
This information has been partially omitted. Data is only available for North America and Latin America.
62 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders 8 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement 11 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised 8 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 80 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries 8, 80, 81 102-47 List of material topics 8 102-48 Restatements of information. 
Quantitative data for prior years has been restated to align with reporting scope on page 80 and to account for recent acquisitions and divestitures.
102-49 Changes in reporting 8 102-50 Reporting period 80 102-51 Date of most recent report 80


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 84. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s) 102-52 Reporting cycle 80 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report 81 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards 80 102-55 GRI content index 83 102-56 External assurance 81. 
GRI 300: Environmental. 
GRI 301: Materials 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 26 103-2 The management approach and its components - 26 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 26 301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 27. 
GRI 302: Energy 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary -36 103-2 The management approach and its components 36 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 36 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization 97 302-3 Energy intensity 101. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s) 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption 39 302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services 43. 
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary -41, 44 103-2 The management approach and its components -41, 44 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach -41, 44 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource -44 303-3 Water withdrawal. 
This information has been partially omitted. Breakdown of withdrawals by source and by fresh/other water classification is not available.
44, 103 303-5 Water consumption -44, 103. 
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 36, 47 103-2 The management approach and its components 36, 47 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 36, 47 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 40, 99 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 40, 99 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions -40, 100 305-4 GHG emissions intensity 101


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 85. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s) 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions 39 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions -54. 
GRI 306: Waste 2020 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary - 27 103-2 The management approach and its components 27 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 27 306-1 Waste generation and significant wasterelated impacts 27 306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts 27 306-3 Waste generated 29, 102 306-4 Waste diverted from disposal 29, 102 306-5 Waste directed to disposal 29, 102. 
GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary - 47 103-2 The management approach and its components 47 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 47. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 77 103-2 The management approach and its components 77 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 77 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria. 
This information has been omitted. While some new suppliers are screened using environmental criteria, an aggregate quantitative assessment of how many or the results of the assessment are not available.
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken. 
While not a direct engagement with our suppliers, we have completed an estimate of the GHG emission impact of our purchased goods and services as Scope 3 GHG Emissions, category 1. Quantity for 2021 = 5,488,000 MTCO2e (reference page 39).
GRI 400: Social. 
GRI 401: Employment 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 64 103-2 The management approach and its components 64 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 64 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 67


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 86. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 45 103-2 The management approach and its components 45 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 45 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 47 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation 47, 48, 49, 51, 54 403-3 Occupational health services 47, 48, 49, 51, 54 403-4. 
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety 49, 51, 54 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety 49, 52, 67 403-6 Promotion of worker health 52, 53, 65, 66 403-7. 
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 49, 51, 53, 54 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 47 403-9 Work-related injuries 45, 49, 56, 103 403-10 Work-related ill health 49, 50, 56, 103. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 67 103-2 The management approach and its components 67 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 67 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee 67 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 67. 
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 59 103-2 The management approach and its components 59 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 59 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 60, 63, 105 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men 62


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 87. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 77 103-2 The management approach and its components 77 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 77. 
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary - 30 103-2 The management approach and its components 30 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 30 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories -31 416-2. 
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services 31. 
Disclosure number Disclosure title Direct answer Page(s)
GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016 103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary 33 103-2 The management approach and its components -33 103-3 Evaluation of the management approach 33 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling 33


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 88. 
SASB Index. 
Code Topic Metric Response Page(s)
RT-CH-110a.1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations -Energy and emissions data, p. 40; 2021. 
Environmental data, p. 99. 
RT-CH-110a.2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets -Acting on climate, p. 36. 
RT-CH-120a.1 Air Quality Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOX (excluding N2O), (2) SOX, (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) hazardous air pollutants (HAPs) Air emissions, p. 54; 2021 Environmental data, p. 101. 
RT-CH-130a.1 Energy Management (1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable, (4) total self-generated energy -
Renewable energy, p. 39; Energy and emissions data, p. 98; 2021 Environmental data, p. 99. 
RT-CH-140a.1 Water Management (1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress -
Managing water at our sites, p. 44; Water consumption and withdrawal, p. 44; 2021 Environmental data, p. 103. 
RT-CH-140a.2 Water Management Number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quality permits, standards, and regulations -Not disclosed. 
RT-CH-140a.3 Water Management Description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks -Leading water stewardship, p. 41. 
RT-CH-150a.1 Hazardous Waste Management Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage recycled -Hazardous and non-hazardous waste data, p.
29; 2021 Environmental data, p. 102. 
RT-CH-210a.1 Community Relations Discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests -Building thriving communities, p. 68. 
RT-CH-320a.1 Workforce Health & Safety (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees -Employee and contractor safety data, p. 56; 2021 Employee and contractor H&S, p. 103


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 89. 
Code Topic Metric Response Page(s)
RT-CH-320a.2 Workforce Health & Safety Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and contract workers to long-term (chronic) health risks -
Environmental health and safety management system, p. 47; Managing workplace health, p. 52; Maintaining employee well-being during the pandemic and beyond, p. 65; Supporting holistic well-being, p. 66. 
RT-CH-410a.1 Product Design for Use-phase Efficiency Revenue from products designed for use-phase resource efficiency -Not disclosed. 
RT-CH-410b.1 Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals (1) Percentage of products that contain Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labeling of Chemicals Category 1 and 2 Health and Environmental Substances, and (2) percentage of such products that have undergone a hazard assessment. 
DuPont PS&R Product transparency and labeling, p. 33. 
RT-CH-410b.2 Safety & Environmental Stewardship of Chemicals. 
Discussion of strategy to (1) manage chemicals of concern and (2) develop alternatives with reduced human and/or environmental impact DuPont PS&R Innovating safer by design, p. 30. 
RT-CH-410c.1 Genetically Modified Organisms Percentage of products by revenue that contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs) Not disclosed. 
RT-CH-530a.1 Management of the Legal & Regulatory Environment. 
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry DuPont position statements Sustainability governance, p. 10; Stakeholder engagement, p. 11. 
RT-CH-540a.1 Operational Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response. 
Process Safety Incidents Count (PSIC), Process Safety Total Incident Rate (PSTIR), and Process Safety Incident Severity Rate (PSISR) -PSM performance data, p. 54; 2021 Employee and contractor H&S, p. 103–104. 
RT-CH-540a.2 Operational Safety, Emergency Preparedness & Response Number of transport incidents -PSM performance data, p. 54; 2021 Employee and contractor H&S, p. 103–104. 
RT-CH-000.A Activity Metric Production by reportable segment -Not dislcosed


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 90. 
TCFD Disclosure Index. 
In 2021 DuPont took significant actions to align our governance and risk management processes with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The disclosures in our TCFD index will evolve over the coming years as we continue to advance our climate strategy and make progress on our 2030 and 2050 goals.
Governance: Disclose the company’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Key Area. 
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities.
Disclosure. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks and opportunities. Oversight of ESG-related risks and opportunities is assigned across all four Board sub-committees. Discussion of ESG and Sustainability topics occurred at each full Board meeting in 2021.
Climate-related risks and opportunities are part of the responsibility of the Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability (EHS&S) Committee of DuPont de Nemours, Inc. which assists the Company’s Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities by assessing the effectiveness of and advising the Board of Directors on the Company’s environment, health and safety and sustainability policies and programs and matters impacting the Company’s public reputation and efforts to promote the Company’s safety and health core value.
The responsibilities of the EHS&S Committee include: ɦ Assesses the effectiveness of, and advises the Board on, the Company’s environment, health, safety, and sustainability (EHS&S) policies and programs and matters impacting the Company’s public reputation and the Company’s safety and health core value.
ɦ Oversees environment, health and safety performance and regulatory compliance, including the Company’s safety programs, processes for risk identification and mitigation, and the processes and systems used to ensure compliance.
ɦ Oversees and advises the Board on the Company’s sustainability strategy, including the Company’s sustainability goals and actions, public policy management, advocacy priorities, community impact contributions, climate action, corporate reputation management, and other emerging issues.
ɦ Reviews the Company’s Sustainability Report, sustainability policy positions, strategy regarding political engagement and corporate social responsibility initiatives.
The EHS&S Committee of the Board of Directors receives reports from the Chief Technology & Sustainability Officer and/or the Chief Operations & Engineering Officer on climate-related matters bi-annually, or on a more frequent basis, as necessary.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 91. 
Key Area. 
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities.
Disclosure. 
Responsibility for sustainability strategy resides with the Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer (CTSO), Alexa Dembek. The CTSO role capitalizes on the link between sustainability and innovation in our operating model and chairs the Sustainability Oversight Committee, a subset of DuPont’s Senior Leadership Team. Members of the Sustainability Oversight Committee provide insight and guidance on their respective areas of leadership, including corporate governance and finance, operational excellence, employee experience and development, innovation, and business oversight. The Sustainability Oversight Committee reviews and approves sustainability strategy, policies, and positions, including climate-related risks and opportunities, and oversees the work of the Strategic Leadership Council. The CTSO reports directly to the CEO and routinely engages with the EHS&S Committee and the full Board of Directors on ESG and Sustainability matters.
Our Sustainability Leadership Council, chaired by the Vice President of Corporate Sustainability oversees implementation of our sustainability strategy. The Council includes an enterprise-level climate strategist to lead implementation of our Acting on Climate goal, including the development of roadmaps to meet our climate targets, the engagement of our global businesses on operations, and market-focused climate strategies. At the executive leadership level, DuPont’s Chief Technology and Sustainability Officer and Chief Operations and Engineering Officer are responsible for performance against our climate goals, engaging on climate-related matters routinely with the CEO and the EHS&S Committee of the Board.
Strategy: Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the company’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
Key Area. 
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the company has identified over the short, medium, and long term.
Disclosure. 
In 2021, DuPont conducted a series of climate screening workshops to review and prioritize climate-related transition and physical risks, as well as corresponding opportunities. This assessment was supported by external climate consultants, to help the Company better understand its risk exposure, create a roadmap for scenario analysis and resiliency planning, develop strategies for leveraging opportunities, and meet our reporting and disclosure commitments. Each of DuPont’s businesses were engaged in the assessment process to better understand which risks could present a material (positive or adverse) impact to operations and markets. The same process for identifying climate risk was used across all stakeholder groups to reduce biases and organizational fragmentation.
The climate screening workshops considered the following risks across short (0–1 years), medium (1–5 years), and long term (5–30 years) horizons:
Risk Category Description Time Frame. 
Acute Physical Increasing frequency & severity of extreme weather events Medium–Long. 
Chronic Physical Rising mean temperatures and increased temperature variability. Medium–Long. 
Chronic Physical Rising sea levels Medium–Long. 
Chronic Physical Changes in precipitation patterns Medium–Long. 
Transitional—Technology Cost of technological innovations which support the energy transition to a low carbon economy. Short–Medium. 
Transitional—Reputation Changing perceptions of DuPont’s contribution to climate change and the transition to a low carbon economy. Short–Medium. 
Transitional—Legal & Policy Policies which act to constrain adverse effects of climate change or promote adaptation to climate change. Short–Medium. 
Transitional—Market Shifts in supply & demand for key materials & DuPont products Short–Medium. 
Transitional—Market Shifts in customer demand for lower carbon and net-zero GHG emissions products Short–Medium


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 92. 
Opportunities considered in these workshops include:
Opportunity Category Description Time Frame. 
Resource Efficiency Initiatives and investments to improve process, resource utilization and operational efficiency Short–Medium. 
Energy Sourcing Investments in lower GHG emission and renewable sources of energy, and participation in the carbon market Medium–Long. 
Products and Services The shift of customer preferences towards DuPont innovations and products that provide GHG emissions reduction, energy, resource and/or water efficiency savings Short–Medium. 
Markets Opportunities to access new and adjacent markets Medium–Long. 
Resilience DuPont’s ability to gain competitive advantage through resilience planning, innovation and reliability of products Medium–Long. 
Through initial climate screening exercises, priority climate risks and opportunities were identified for further analysis.
Key Area. 
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the company’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.
Disclosure. 
At DuPont, science and engineering are the foundation of our company and innovation is core to our business and sustainability strategy to create long-term value for our customers. Our sustainability strategy is grounded in our purpose to empower the world with the essential innovations to thrive and inspired by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). As a premier multi-industrial company, we embrace the accelerated pace of learning, change, and expectations happening around the world and within our own communities and workforce. Our sustainability strategy is built on three pillars, the first two of which will be used to describe impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities. These are: 1) Innovate for good; 2) Protect people and the planet; and 3) Empower people to thrive.
Innovate for good. 
At DuPont we commit to using our innovation expertise to work on important and valuable market-based challenges. In 2021, we completed multiple, focused customer engagements with direct and end use customers to accelerate our learning, widen the opportunity space to create value and refine our sustainable innovation priorities. Acting on climate change is of the utmost importance to our customers across all value chains.
We’re actively pursuing opportunities to reduce GHG emissions along the value chains of many of our processes and products. Aligned with our innovation platforms, our climate innovation focuses on three major areas of impact: advancing low-carbon mobility, lowering embodied carbon in buildings and enabling renewable energy. For details on our climate innovations please see the Delivering solutions for global challenges and Acting on climate sections of this report.
Protect people and the planet. 
DuPont’s core values reflect our long-held commitment to ensure the safety and health of our employees, contractors, customers, and communities and to protect the planet. In addition to the climate-adaptive solutions DuPont provides to various end markets, in 2021 we joined RE100, completed a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA) to add renewable energy to the North American grid, and made specific business-level commitments to procure renewable electricity. For example, in 2021 our Interconnect Solutions (ICS) business, which is part of the Electronics & Industrial (E&I) business, set a business ambition of Zero by 2030, with the goal of reaching carbon neutral operations for the global ICS business by 2030. As of September 2021, the ICS business achieved the milestone of 95 percent of global operations powered with renewable electricity.
We also continue to implement energy efficiency projects through the Bold Energy Plan, a long-standing DuPont program that leverages a global, cross-business team of Site Energy Champions to improve energy efficiency and reduce GHG emissions in our facilities. In 2021, we completed 76 energy-savings projects with an emissions savings potential of about 9,600 MT CO2e for the year of 2021. Of these projects, 47 were new in 2021.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 93. 
Supply chain and operational disruptions. Supply chain disruptions, plant and/or power outages, labor shortages and/or strikes, geo-political activity, weather events and natural disasters, including hurricanes or flooding that impact coastal regions, and global health risks or pandemics could seriously harm the Company’s operations as well as the operations of the Company’s customers and suppliers. Climate change increases the frequency and severity of potential supply chain and operational disruptions from weather events and natural disasters. The chronic physical impacts associated with climate change, for example, increased temperatures, changes in weather patterns and rising sea levels, could significantly increase costs and expenses and create additional supply chain and operational disruption risks.
For additional details on our operations climate strategy see the Acting on climate section of this report.
Key Area. 
Describe the resilience of the company’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario.
Disclosure. 
DuPont approaches climate resilience through the integration of climate risks and opportunities with business strategy and enterprise risk management. In 2021, DuPont conducted a series of climate screening workshops to review and prioritize climate-related physical and transition risks, as well as corresponding opportunities. The Company’s climate risk screening and initial assessment showed the strategic importance of climate-focused innovation, disaster preparedness and a multi-pronged approach to the supply of key raw materials.
From an innovation perspective, DuPont is preparing for the transition to a lower carbon economy through an integrated climate action and sustainable innovation strategy, as detailed in the Delivering solutions for global challenges and Acting on climate sections of this report.
In terms of supply chain resilience, generally, the Company seeks to have many sources of supply for key raw materials in order to avoid significant dependence on any one or a few suppliers. In addition, and where the supply market for key raw materials is concentrated, DuPont takes additional steps to manage its exposure to supply chain risk and price fluctuations through, among other things, negotiated long-term contracts some which include minimum purchase obligations. However, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials.
Risk Management: Disclose how the company identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
Key Area. 
Describe the company’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
Disclosure. 
In 2021, DuPont conducted a series of climate screening workshops to review and prioritize climate-related physical and transition risks, as well as corresponding opportunities. To develop a deeper understanding of the unique impacts that climate change could have for DuPont, potentially relevant climate risks were identified and assessed via a climate risk screening process based on the risk’s likelihood, significance, and scope of impact across the business. Business and functional teams with responsibilities across DuPont’s value chain rated the impact and vulnerability to each risk as low, medium, or high. The low, medium, and high thresholds were calibrated based on potential impacts to operating costs, earnings, increases in costs of raw materials, and supply chain disruptions. These metrics align with metrics used in DuPont enterprise-wide risk assessments and thus serve as the basis for determining which risks need to be managed on a priority basis in relation to other risks.
The climate screening and risk assessment work was supported by external climate consultants, to help the Company better understand its risk exposure, create a roadmap for scenario analysis and resiliency planning, develop strategies for leveraging opportunities, and meet our reporting and disclosure commitments.
In 2022, DuPont intends to further integrate the results of the climate risk workshops within its enterprise risk management (ERM) process to identify high priority climate scenarios, and review output with the Company’s global business and executive leaders.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 94. 
Key Area. 
Describe the company’s processes for managing climate-related risks.
Disclosure. 
At DuPont we continue to drive integration and management of strategic climate risks and opportunities to the appropriate levels across business and functional teams where they can be most effectively addressed and acted upon.
From an ERM perspective (including climate risk), as we identify metrics for Key Risk Indicators and develop dashboards for monitoring those metrics, we will have the ability to identify changes that may trigger the need for additional mitigation. Such mitigation is defined as part of the ERM analysis and will be updated continually as risk likelihood and impact changes, the company’s risk profile changes, and external risk influences change. The cross-functional ERM team meets monthly, and the risk leads are continually providing insights into emerging risks and changes to existing risks that impact multiple risk topics. This team of risk leads are linked to senior leadership risk owners as well as to Board committees which provides an avenue to escalate concerns to a level that can influence the availability of resources and the prioritization of risks in strategic management decisions.
The Company’s emergency preparedness plans include consideration of design and siting of buildings, process safety management, community preparedness, and site emergency response. All DuPont manufacturing sites located in areas with potential for impact of hurricanes, have site-specific response plans for hurricane monitoring, preparedness efforts, and site recovery after the storm. The Company maintains a corporate level natural disaster team that intervenes when it is forecasted that multiple sites may be impacted by a hurricane at Category 1 or above. Due to the high level of unpredictability associated with natural weather events, this assessment takes place on an ad hoc basis, which can often be multiple times a year given DuPont’s presence in over 60 countries and the increase in severe weather events due to climate change impacts.
Key Area. 
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the company’s overall risk management.
Disclosure. 
One of the core elements of a robust corporate sustainability and climate strategy is integration within a company’s ERM process. Similar to other issues on the risk register, climaterelated financial risks and opportunities must be identified and managed in order to ensure long-term business growth.
Climate change was identified early in the Company’s sustainability journey as a key risk and opportunity for DuPont’s global businesses. In 2021 DuPont took significant actions to align its governance and risk management processes with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). From an ERM process perspective, DuPont has worked with external experts to conduct a climate change risk screening and prioritization exercise across its global businesses, from which the Company developed specific scenarios for material physical and transition risks. In 2022 DuPont intends to further develop climate-related financial risk models against future climate scenarios and continue to integrate climate risk into its enterprise and business strategies. DuPont recognizes that the unique characteristics of climate change-related risks, which include longer time horizons, changing magnitudes, and nonlinear dynamics, may require differential assessment and management strategies for each of our businesses and industry verticals.
Metrics and Targets: Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
Key Area. 
Disclose the metrics used by the company to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.
Disclosure. 
To achieve our Acting on Climate goals of a 30% absolute reduction of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and procurement of 60% renewable electricity by 2030 and carbon neutral operations by 2050, we’re implementing an integrated strategy to address all sources of GHG emissions, including efforts to create low-carbon industrial processes, source lowcarbon and renewable energy, and reduce our overall energy use. Because of the complex nature and broad implications of climate change, DuPont currently uses—and is further developing—metrics to help us understand our exposure to physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities. Physical risk metrics focus on operations and supply chain disruptions. Transition risk metrics include our water and energy consumption as well as our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and we’re developing innovation metrics in 2022 aligned with climate transition and market opportunities.
In 2021 we accelerated our effort to define the environmental footprint across our value chains to prioritize areas of improvement and innovation. Scope 3 emissions cover a variety of activities across DuPont’s supply chain, business operations, products, and end-of-life treatment of products. In alignment with best practices, we calculated our upstream and downstream Scope 3 emissions according to the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard (Corporate Value Chain Accounting and Reporting Standard).


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 95. 
Key Area. 
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
Disclosure 2021 Emissions in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol are: ɦ Scope 1: 1,870,000 MT CO2e ɦ Scope 2 (market-based): 1,225,000 MT CO2e ɦ Renewable electricity procurement (percentage): 15.2%
In 2020, Scope 3 GHGs were 14.74 million MT CO2e representing about 80% of DuPont total corporate (Scope 1 + Scope 2 + Scope 3) GHG emissions. The table and figure below show the share of emission by Scope 3 category. Purchased goods and services (includes all upstream emissions from the goods and services purchased by DuPont in 2020) and end-of-life (total GHGs from the disposal of products sold by DuPont in 2020) were the main contributors to these emissions.
DuPont Scope 3 Emissions by Scope 3 Categories (2020 data)1. 
Category MT CO2e Percent of Scope 3. 
Upstream. 
Category 1: purchased goods and services 5,488,000 37.2%
Category 2: capital goods 103,000 0.7%
Category 3: fuel and energy related activities 545,000 3.7%
Category 4: upstream transportation & distribution 728,000 4.9%
Category 5: waste 65,000 0.4%
Category 6: business travel 18,000 0.1%
Category 7: employee commuting 29,000 0.2%
Category 8: upstream leased assets 2,000 0.0%
Downstream. 
Category 9: downstream transportation & distribution 30,000 0.2%
Category 10: processing of sold products 1,211,000 8.2%
Category 11: use of sold products 15,000 0.1%
Category 12: end of life of sold products 6,451,000 43.8%
Category 15: investments 55,000 0.4%
Total Scope 3 14,740,000 100% 1 Emissions from downstream leased assets and franchises (Categories 13 and 14) were not applicable and therefore not included in our Scope 3 emissions.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 96. 
Key Area. 
Describe the targets used by the company to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.
Disclosure. 
In 2019, DuPont established an Acting on Climate goal as part of our 2030 Sustainability Goals and strategy. The targets include: ɦ Achieve a 30% absolute reduction of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 from a base year of 2019 ɦ Source 60% of electricity for DuPont global operations from renewable energy by 2030 ɦ Deliver carbon neutral operations by 2050. 
In 2021, DuPont reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 10% over the previous year, which represents a 16% reduction from our 2019 baseline. We also achieved 15% sourcing of renewable electricity.
In 2021, DuPont conducted an enterprise-wide Scope 3 GHG emissions assessment to detect the largest emitting areas in its value chain to identify focus areas for reductions. Moving forward we will continuously evaluate GHG emissions opportunities across our global operations and value chains, in line with the expectations of our stakeholders, and adjust targets accordingly.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 97. 
Data appendix1 1 Unless otherwise noted, the information presented is consistent with the scope of this report shown on page 80. Unless otherwise noted, 2019 and 2020 data have been restated the former N&B segment. Data values have been rounded for clarity within the appendix tables and may vary from corresponding values in the body of the report.
Energy. 
GRI 302-1, SASB RT-CH-130a.1. 
Fuels. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 Change from 2020. 
Change from baseline. 
Non-renewable fuels MMBTU MWH MMBTU MWH MMBTU MWH % Change MWh (2021 vs. 2020) % Change MWh (2021 vs. 2019)
Aviation gasoline 24,200 7,100 9,600 2,800 17,000 5,000 79% -30%
Diesel fuel 41,900 12,300 67,500 19,800 39,300 11,500 -42% -7%
Distillate fuel oil (#1, #2) 201,200 59,000 190,000 55,700 189,000 55,500 0% -6%
Electric 600 200 2,900 800 0 0 -100% -100%
Gasoline/Petrol 53,300 15,600 42,700 12,500 10,400 3,000 -76% -81%
Hydrogen 0 0 0 0 0 0 — —
Kerosene 17,600 5,200 16,400 4,800 16,000 4,700 -2% -10%
Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) 19,300 5,700 24,000 7,000 16,500 4,800 -31% -16%
Natural gas 9,655,000 2,830,000 8,543,000 2,503,600 8,912,000 2,611,800 4% -8%
Propane 17,300 5,100 16,000 4,700 19,600 5,700 21% 12%
Refinery fuel gas (RFG) 0 0 0 0 0 0 — —
Residual fuel (#4, #5, #6) 67,500 19,800 66,100 19,400 61,000 17,900 -8% -10%
Waste gas 74,600 21,900 102,200 30,000 466,500 136,700 356% 524%


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 98. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 Change from 2020. 
Change from baseline. 
Non-renewable fuels MMBTU MWH MMBTU MWH MMBTU MWH % Change MWh (2021 vs. 2020) % Change MWh (2021 vs. 2019)
Waste liquid 172,100 50,400 156,300 45,800 202,300 59,300 29% 18%
Waste solid 0 0 0 0 0 0 — —
Total non-renewable fuels 10,344,600 3,032,300 9,236,700 2,706,900 9,949,600 2,915,900 8% -4%
Biodiesel 5 1 14 4 6 2 -50% 100%
Biogas from waste water treatment 25,800 7,600 25,800 7,600 27,500 8,100 7% 7%
Ethanol 170 50 0 0 0 0 — -100%
Total biogenic 25,975 7,651 25,814 7,604 27,506 8,102 7% 6%
Total fuel use (non-renewable + biogenic) 10,370,575 3,039,951 9,262,514 2,714,504 9,977,106 2,924,002 8% -4%
Energy use by type1. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Electricity MWh 2,080,000 1,965,000 2,124,000 8% 2%
Renewable electricity (excluding RECs) % 4.51% 4.27% 4.30% 1% -5%
Renewable electricity (including RECs) % 6.51% 9.46% 15.20% 61% 133%
Chilled water MWh 3,000 2,400 20 -99% -99%
Renewable chilled water % 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% — —
Heat transfer fluid MWh 7,400 3,300 5,500 67% -26%
Renewable heat transfer fluid % 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% — —
Steam MWh 2,019,000 1,915,000 2,044,000 7% 1% 1 Purchased energy figures are net of energy sold to non-DuPont tenants and adjacent non-DuPont sites or buildings.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 99. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Renewable steam % 0.00% 0.00% 0.00% — —
Fuels MWh 3,040,000 2,715,000 2,924,000 8% -4%
Renewable fuels % 0.25% 0.28% 0.28% 0% 12%
Emissions. 
GRI 305-1, GRI 305-2, SASB RT-CH-110a.1, SASB RT-CH-120a.1. 
Scope 1 emissions, in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)
Direct energy emissions Emissions due to supplying Energy1 Process-related GHG emissions Emissions due to mobile fuels Total direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) 504,000 62,000 1,298,000 6,000 1,870,000 1 While we report our total gross Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions as required under various reporting schemes, we set our goals based on the emissions over which we truly have control. In our goals related emissions calculations and self-reported sustainability communication, we exclude emissions that are due to energy generated for third parties, such as non-DuPont tenants or adjacent facilities. Our Scope 1 calculation includes CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, and PFCs.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions1. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Scope 1 GHG emissions MTCO2e 2,174,000 2,165,000 1,870,000 -14% -14%
Scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based MTCO2e 1,468,000 1,269,000 1,274,000 0% -13%
Scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based MTCO2e 1,514,000 1,284,000 1,225,000 -5% -19%
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions; market-based accounting of Scope 2 MTCO2e 3,688,000 3,449,000 3,095,000 -10% -16%
Biogenic emissions MTCO2e 1,350 1,350 1,430 6% 6% 1 2020 Data does not include former DuPont Nutrition & Bioscience business.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 100. 
Scope 3 emissions (2020)1, 2. 
GRI 305-3. 
Category Unit 2020 % of total. 
Category 1: Purchased goods and services MTCO2e 5,488,000 37.2%
Category 2: Capital goods MTCO2e 103,000 0.7%
Category 3: Fuel and energy related activities (FERA) MTCO2e 545,000 3.7%
Category 4: Upstream transportation & distribution MTCO2e 728,000 4.9%
Category 5: Waste MTCO2e 65,000 0.4%
Category 6: Business travel MTCO2e 18,000 0.1%
Category 7: Employee commuting MTCO2e 29,000 0.2%
Category 8: Upstream leased assets MTCO2e 2,000 0.0%
Category 9: Downstream transportation & distribution MTCO2e 30,000 0.2%
Category 10: Processing of sold products MTCO2e 1,211,000 8.2%
Category 11: Use of sold products MTCO2e 15,000 0.1%
Category 12: End of life of sold products (EoL) MTCO2e 6,451,000 43.8%
Category 13: Downstream leased assets MTCO2e NA NA. 
Category 14: Franchises MTCO2e NA NA. 
Category 15: Investments MTCO2e 55,000 0.4%
TOTAL—Scope 3 MTCO2e 14,740,000 100% 1 Emissions from downstream leased assets and franchises were not applicable and therefore not included in our Scope 3 emissions.
2 2020 Data does not include former DuPont Nutrition & Bioscience business.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 101. 
Energy and emissions intensity (by production)
GRI 302-3, 305-4. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Total energy MWh 6,838,000 6,326,000 6,806,000 8% 0%
Energy intensity (indexed to production) MWh/MT 3.70 4.16 3.84 -8% 4%
Scope 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions MTCO2e 3,688,000 3,449,000 3,095,000 -10% -16%
Emissions intensity (indexed to production) (using market-based) MTCO2e/MT 2.00 2.27 1.75 -23% -13%
Other air emissions (metric tons)
GRI 305-7. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Nitrogen Oxides (NOX) MT 830 590 700 19% -16%
Sulfur Oxides (SOX) MT 5 5 8 60% 60%
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) MT 980 880 980 11% 0%
Particulate Matter (PM, total) MT 21 18 13 -28% -38%


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 102. 
Waste1, 2. 
GRI 306-3, GRI 306-4, GRI 306-5, SASB RT-CH-150a.1 1 Incinerated waste only includes hazardous/non-hazardous waste that was not burned for recovery. Incinerated waste that was burned for energy recovery is reported as beneficial use of waste—energy recovery.
2 A portion of hazardous waste shifted from incineration to biotreatment in 2021 and is reflected in other disposal method numbers.
Waste (metric tons)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Reuse—hazardous MT 400 300 500 67% 25%
Reuse—non-hazardous MT 1,900 2,000 2,400 20% 26%
Recycling/reclamation/recovery—hazardous MT 6,300 5,400 1,100 -80% -83%
Recycling/reclamation/recovery—non-hazardous MT 85,400 69,900 63,700 -9% -25%
Energy recovery—hazardous MT 9,800 8,200 9,900 21% 1%
Energy recovery—non-hazardous MT 13,200 11,100 11,700 5% -11%
Total beneficial use of waste MT 117,000 96,900 89,300 -8% -24%
Incinerated hazardous waste MT 40,700 38,000 14,800 -61% -64%
Landfilled hazardous waste MT 11,200 11,400 11,000 -4% -2%
Other disposal—hazardous waste MT 14,200 17,200 46,200 169% 225%
Total hazardous waste disposal MT 66,100 66,600 72,000 8% 9%
Incinerated non-hazardous waste MT 16,700 15,400 16,400 6% -2%
Landfilled non-hazardous waste MT 40,400 45,900 38,600 -16% -4%
Other disposal—non-hazardous waste MT 167,800 124,200 162,000 30% -3%
Total non-hazardous waste disposal MT 224,900 185,500 217,000 17% -4%
Total waste produced MT 408,000 349,000 378,300 8% -7%


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 103. 
Water1. 
GRI 303-3, GRI 303-5, SASB RT-CH-140a.1 1 Water consumption values have been adjusted beginning with the 2022 report to better align with the GRI Standards definition. We will continue to improve the accuracy of data produced by our systems over time.
Water consumption and withdrawal (million gallons)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Total water consumption Mil Gal 3,900 3,200 3,500 9% -8%
Consumption from water-stressed areas % 1.9 2.1 1.7 -19% -11%
Total water withdrawal Mil Gal 28,500 27,900 28,200 1% -1%
Withdrawal from water-stressed areas % 3.1 3.3 3.3 0% 7%
Employee and contractor health and safety. 
GRI 403-9, GRI 403-10, SASB RT-CH-540a.1. 
Safety performance1. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs.
2020) % Change (2021 vs.
2019)
PLACEHOLDER Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors. 
Employees + Contractors. 
Employees + Contractors. 
DAWC cases2 8 3 11 14 5 19 13 8 21 11% 91%
DAWC rate 0.033 0.027 0.031 0.060 0.068 0.062 0.050 0.109 0.063 2% 103%
TRC3 54 37 91 39 26 65 54 29 83 28% -9% 1 N&B data excluded from all 3 years, Water acquisitions included in 2021. Laird acquisition not included in 2021.
2 Days Away from Work Case is a work-related case where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or illness.
3 Total Recordable Cases includes Days Away from Work Cases, Restricted Workday Cases, and Medical Treatment Cases.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 104. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs.
2020) % Change (2021 vs.
2019)
PLACEHOLDER Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors Employees Contractors Employees + Contractors. 
Employees + Contractors. 
Employees + Contractors. 
TRIR4 0.224 0.332 0.258 0.167 0.352 0.212 0.209 0.395 0.250 18% -3%
Fatalities 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0% 0% 4 Total recordable incident rate = (Number of Recordable Cases X 200,000/Number of Exposure Hours) in a given time period.
Exposure hours. 
Category 2019 2020 2021. 
Employees 48,248,304 46,584,708 51,713,598. 
Contractors 22,262,030 14,770,814 14,684,916. 
Process safety management. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 % Change (2021 vs. 2020) % Change (2021 vs. 2019)
Process Safety Tier 1 event count 1 2 5 150% 400%
Process Safety Tier 2 event count 17 5 7 40% -59%
Process Safety Tier 1 event rate 0.004 0.009 0.021 133% 425%
Process Safety Tier 2 event rate 0.069 0.024 0.030 25% -57%
Process Safety Tier 1 event severity rate 0.00 0.004 0.013 225% NA. 
Transportation incidents (Tier 2) 0 0 0 0 0. 
Fatalities 0 0 0 0 0


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 105. 
Employee demographics1. 
GRI 102-8, GRI 405-1 1 2019 DE&I data includes former DuPont Nutrition & Bioscience Business, 2020-2021 data does not. 2021 data includes DuPont Water acquisitions and does not include 2021 Laird Performance Materials acquisition.
Global gender. 
Category 2021. 
Female 28%
Male 72%
Gender by job category. 
Category Female Male. 
Non-exempt 18% 82%
Individual contributor 44% 56%
Supervisor 31% 69%
Manager 26% 74%
Senior leader 26% 74%
Gender by region1. 
Category Female Male. 
North America 25% 75%
South America 50% 50%
EMEA 22% 77%
APAC 35% 65% 1 In instances where the total is not 100% it is because gender was not disclosed. We respect that gender is not binary, however, as a federal contractor our data aligns with US government reporting requirements and uses the gender categories of male and female. Employees who have not disclosed are not included.
Gender by age group1. 
Category Female Male <20 11% 58% 21-25 36% 64% 26-30 35% 65% 31-35 29% 71% 36-40 29% 70% 41-45 28% 72% 46-50 28% 72% 51-55 25% 75% 56-60 23% 77% 60+ 23% 77% 1 In instances where the total is not 100% it is because gender was not disclosed. We respect that gender is not binary, however, as a federal contractor our data aligns with US government reporting requirements and uses the gender categories of male and female. Employees who have not disclosed are not included.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 106. 
DuPont gender diversity. 
Category 2019 2020 2021. 
Category Female Male Female Male Female Male. 
Global workforce 29% 71% 28% 72% 28% 72%
Senior leaders 27% 73% 24% 76% 26% 74%
Board of directors 17% 83% 17% 83% 25% 75%
DuPont racial and ethnic diversity. 
Category 2019 2020 2021 % racially/ethnically diverse by population Minority White Minority White Minority White. 
US workforce 32% 68% 28% 72% 30% 70%
Senior leaders 23% 77% 33% 67% 34% 66%
Board of Directors 26% 74% 33% 67% 25% 75%
Race and ethnicity by job category (US population)
Category American Indian or. 
Alaska Native Asian Black or African. 
American Hispanic or Latino Native Hawaiian or. 
Other Pacific Islander Not Disclosed Two or more races White. 
Non-exempt 56 181 1,466 220 13 47 81 4,059. 
Individual contributor 2 83 123 56 1 2 21 900. 
Supervisor 7 324 169 117 0 16 25 1,904. 
Manager 0 133 53 44 1 8 3 781. 
Senior leader1 1 19 8 6 0 0 1 86 1 Senior leader category reflects the global population of top company leadership.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 107. 
Race and ethnicity by age group (US population)
Category American Indian or. 
Alaska Native Asian Black or African. 
American Hispanic or Latino Native Hawaiian or. 
Other Pacific Islander Not Disclosed Two or more races White <20 0 0 2 0 0 9 0 20 21-25 0 20 49 21 0 10 16 227 26-30 6 66 130 51 1 7 27 575 31-35 5 103 192 48 1 7 22 833 36-40 11 97 198 63 4 3 15 799 41-45 5 93 249 62 2 8 19 818 46-50 6 113 299 61 2 7 13 922 51-55 13 105 299 57 1 9 7 1,328 56-60 16 95 242 53 2 9 7 1,333 60+ 4 48 159 27 2 4 5 875


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 108. 
Full list of awards and external initiatives 2021 Awards and recognition. 
Innovate for good. 
New low GWP Froth-Pak™ Spray Foam Froth-Pak received the American Chemistry Council (ACC)—Sustainability Leadership Award & the Adhesive and Sealant Council (ASC) Innovation Award. 
B-Free™ was awarded Sustainability Product of the Year from the Business Intelligence Group & was an Aquatech Innovation Award Finalist. 
R&D 100 Award—Delrin Renewable Attributed. 
Six Employees received Edison Awards for Excellent Women in Engineering & our BETAFORCE™ 2800 Thermally Conductive Adhesive received the Edison Award for Sustainability Category of EV Battery Assembly (Silver Medal Winner)
IDA “Industry Technology and Innovation Award” for Minimum Liquid Discharge solution for industrial water recycling. 
DuPont received the business model category award for our BLUEDGE™flame retardant at the external Chinese Innovation Contest 2021. 
TapTec™TT-3013-1000 won the Best Innovation Award from the Appliance & Electronics World Expo 2021 (AWE)
Clarivate’s Top 100 Global Innovators list (9th year)
Lighthouse Award, for ZLD at Tirupur textile factory, India. 
Shortlisted for 2021 Green Technology for Chemical Zones presented by China Petroleum & Chemical Industry Federation 2021 President Award of Public Spirit, presented by Enactus Non-profit Organizations


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 109. 
Protect people and the planet. 
Korea Technology Center & Seoul Office recognized with KOSHA Awards in Safety and Health Excellence. 
OxyMem™ Named one of Nine Winners of Ofwat’s £36m Water Breakthrough Challenge. 
Semiconductor Technologies and the Hsinchu Site II in Taiwan were honored with the Green Chemistry Application & Innovation Award from the Taiwan Environmental Protection Administration (EPA)
GoldenBee Excellent Corporate Sustainability Report Award—China Sustainability Report. 
American Chemistry Council (ACC)—Delrin Washington Works received Responsible Care Energy Efficiency. 
Award for 2nd year in a row and 4 DuPont sites were recently recognized with ACC Energy Efficiency Awards in 2022. 
DuPont China recently received the "2020 China Healthy Workplace” award for its excellent health management model and comprehensive employee health services. The award was issued by People's Daily Online, People's Health and China Health Management Association. 
Empower people to thrive. 
Top 50 Employer 2021—Minority Engineer magazine 2021 Readers’ Choice. 
Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion 2021—100% score. 
Gender Equality Index 2021—Bloomberg. 
Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2021—Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index, 100% score. 
Forbes World’s Top- Female-Friendly Companies List 2021. 
United Way Diamond Anniversary Award—75 years of partnership. 
Recognized Employer 2021—VETS Indexes. 
HIRE Vets Gold Medallion Award 2021. 
CEO Champions for Change 2021—Catalyst


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 110. 
List of external initiatives we support. 
UN Global Compact—Since 2001, our leadership has committed to aligning our operations and strategies with the ten principles of the UN Global Compact, which include areas like human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. The publication of this report is one way we fulfil this commitment.
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD)—brings together the CEOs of over 200 leading businesses to accelerate the transition to a sustainable world.
WRI—DuPont is a member of the World Resources Institute (WRI) Corporate Consulting Group (CCG) which brings together over 30 global companies to advance business practices that mitigate climate risks and support sustainable growth.
Responsible Care® Management System—DuPont leaders were among the first to adopt the ACC’s Responsible Care Codes of Management Practices. Since the late 1980s, DuPont has led efforts to expand Responsible Care to encompass advances such as security, public reporting of metrics, management systems certification, and sustainability.
CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™—a CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
RE100—brings together the world’s leading businesses committed to sourcing 100% renewable energy in their global operations by 2050.
CEO Water Mandate—a commitment to continuous improvement in six core areas of water stewardship practice.
CEO Climate Dialogue—a collaboration between large companies and NGOs working together to advance effective climate legislation in the United States.
Council for Inclusive Capitalism with the Vatican—a movement of the world’s business and public sector leaders who are working to build a more inclusive, sustainable, and trusted economic system. CEO Ed Breen is a founding member.
Water Resilience Coalition—brings together companies and organizations committed to advancing net-positive water impact and reducing water stress by 2050.
Water.org—international nonprofit that has positively transformed millions of lives around the world and pioneers market-driven financial solutions to the global water crisis.
Operation Clean Sweep blue (OCS blue)—a voluntary program of the American Chemistry Council and Plastics Industry Association to help achieve zero plastic resin loss in resin handling operations.
Beyond Benign—provides tools training and support to make green chemistry an integral part of chemistry education.
Batteries European Partnership Association (BEPA)—a public-private alliance of companies and organizations advancing battery technology research and innovation in Europe.
EU Battery Alliance—brings together industry and political stakeholders to discuss the future of battery production in Europe.
International Sustainability & Carbon Certification (ISCC)—drives the development of sustainability standards through stakeholder engagement, contributing to the sustainable production and use of biomass in global supply chains.
Smart Water Alliance Network (SWAN)—brings together businesses and utility representatives to develop water policy recommendations and exchange best practices.
US Chamber of Commerce Climate Change Task Force—engages the Chamber to act on climate by focusing on practical, near- and longterm solutions.
German Chemical Industry Association (VCI)—represents the interests of chemical and pharmaceutical companies to create an attractive industrial location in Germany, Europe, and worldwide.
Association of International Chemical Manufacturers (AICM)—brings together the leading multinational chemical companies in China to help contribute to the sustainable growth of China’s chemical industry and the development of a better society.
Japan Chemical Industry Association (JCIA)—promotes the healthy development of the chemical industry through the research and study of production, distribution, and consumption of chemical industry materials.
National Safety Council—A mission-based organization, focused on eliminating the leading causes of death and injury.
Alliance for Water Stewardship. 
Alliance to Save Energy—advocates for clean mobility, energy efficient buildings, and renewable fuel.
NAEM—The National Association for EHS&S Management (NAEM) empowers corporate leaders to advance environmental stewardship, create safe and healthy workplaces, and promote global sustainability.
CCPS —The Center for Chemical Process Safety (CCPS®) is an organization that identifies and develops process safety guidelines, best practices, and training for facilities that handle, store, use, process, or transport hazardous materials with a goal to eliminate serious incidents.
EPSC—The European Process Safety Centre (EPSC) is an international organization that allows member companies to exchange expertise and collaborate on the technical aspects of process safety.
Taiwan Responsible Care Association (TRCA)—leads the implementation of world-class health, safety, and environmental management systems throughout the chemical industry in Chinese.
Green Chemistry & Commerce Council (GC3)—a business-to-business collaborative that drives the commercial adoption of green chemistry practices.
US Chamber of Commerce Foundation Corporate Citizenship Center—a collaboration and resource partnership of the private sector with communities and civil society to catalyze ESG impact. DuPont maintains a seat on the advisory board.


WSP USA One Penn Plaza New York, NY 10119. 
Tel.: +1 212 465-5096 wsp.com. 
April 26, 2022. 
Ms. Lindsey Craig EH&S Specialist DuPont Environmental, Health, and Safety Center of Excellence 974 Centre Road (CRP 708/243) Wilmington, DE 19805 USA 2021 Greenhouse Gas Inventory, 2021 Energy Use, 2021 Renewable Energy Use, 2021 Water Use, Environmental Health & Safety (EH&S) 2021 Performance Metrics Limited Verification, and 2021 Diversity Equity and Inclusion Statement. 
PURPOSE OF THE STATEMENT. 
WSP has conducted an independent third-party review of the 2021 calendar year greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory, energy use, renewable energy use, water use, the EH&S annual performance metrics, and the diversity, equity & inclusion metrics of DuPont with the intention of providing limited assurance of its accuracy and completeness. For the GHG inventory, the scope of the review includes all Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission sources and Scope 3 Category 3 (FERA). For energy, the scope of the review includes total energy consumption, total chilled water and heat transfer fluid consumption, total non-renewable steam consumption, and total fuel consumption. For the renewable energy, the scope of the review includes purchased renewable energy, on-site renewable electricity generation, renewable biofuels, and purchased steam generated from renewable sources. For the water use, the scope of this review includes water withdrawals, and water consumption. For the EH&S 2021 performance metrics, the scope of the review covered the Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) and the Days Away From Work Case (DAWC) rate for both DuPont employees, contractors, and combined contractor and employee rates. The review applies to all owned and leased facilities under DuPont’s operational control. For diversity, equity & inclusion, the scope of the review includes % of male and female employees for all employees, senior executives and board, for full time, part time, regular and temp employees and % white and minority for all employees, senior executives and board.
WSP provided separate “Review Findings” reports to DuPont, which lists in detail the specific review tasks completed and areas which were flagged for clarification or improvement. DuPont has addressed all requests for clarification and has completed all necessary corrective actions. The details of the scope of this assurance review can be found in Table 1.
TABLE 1: ASSURANCE SCOPE. 
ASSURANCE PARAMETER SPECIFICATION. 
GHG Calculation and Reporting Protocol § The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) § The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Scope 2 Guidance § WRI/WBCSD Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard. 
Corporate EH&S Standard § SHE Standard S35G: Managing Occupational Injuries and illnesses


Page 2. 
Verification Standard ISO 14064-3: Greenhouse gases – Part 3: Specification with guidance for the validation and verification of greenhouse gas assertions. 
Level of Assurance Limited. 
Organizational Boundary Operational control. 
Geography Global operations. 
Review Period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS. 
Scope 1 1,870,260.90 metric tons CO2e (all Scope 1 sources)
Scope 2 Location-based 1,274,420.50 metric tons CO2e (all Scope 2 sources)
Scope 2 Market-based 1,224,596.10 metric tons CO2e (all Scope 2 sources)
Scope 3 Category 3 FERA § 593,235 metric tons CO2e. 
Supporting Documents Reviewed § CY21 Inventory Management Plan § CY21 GHG Rollup Data Spreadsheet § CY21 Scope 1 and 2 Emission Factor Update Spreadsheet § Interviews with select site personnel § Energy purchasing Invoices for selected sites. 
Date Review Complete April 26, 2022. 
ENERGY CONSUMPTION. 
Total Energy Consumption § 6,806,364,000 kWh. 
Total Chilled Water Consumption § 22,000 kWh. 
Total Heat Transfer Fluid Consumption § 5,492,000 kWh. 
Total Non-Renewable Steam Consumption § 2,044,499,000 kWh. 
Total Fuel Consumption § 2,924,042,000 kWh. 
RENEWABLE ENERGY CONSUMPTION. 
Purchased Renewable Electricity § 90,924,000 kWh. 
Onsite Renewable Electricity § 394,000 kWh. 
Renewable Electricity Percentage § 4.30% *Note that this figure includes purchased renewable energy and renewable energy generated onsite through solar PV and a biomass- fueled generator. Non-renewable onsite generation, typically small sources such as emergency generators, is not tracked nor included in this calculation. 4.30% = (Purchased RE+Onsite RE) / Total Purchased Electricity Use


Page 3. 
Renewable Biofuels § 27,526 MMBTU Biogas from waste water treatment § 6 MMBTU Biodiesel § 0 MMBTU Ethanol from mobile fuels. 
Values were converted to MMBTU.
Purchased Steam from Renewable Sources § 0 kWh. 
Supporting Documents Reviewed § CY21 Inventory Management Plan § CY21 GHG Rollup Data Spreadsheet § CY21 Scope 1 and 2 Emission Factor Update Spreadsheet § Energy purchasing Invoices for selected sites § Interviews with energy procurement staff. 
Date Review Complete April 26, 2022. 
WATER METRICS. 
Water Withdrawals 106,913.09 Megaliters. 
Water consumption 13,358.89 Megaliters. 
Date Review Complete April 26, 2022. 
EH&S PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
Employee TRIR 0.209. 
Employee DAWC Rate 0.05. 
Contractor TRIR 0.395. 
Contractor DAWC Rate 0.109. 
Total (Employee + Contractor) TRIR 0.25. 
Total (Employee + Contractor) DAWC Rate 0.063. 
Supporting Documents Reviewed § Sample Weekly EHS Performance Reports § Monthly EHS Performance Reports § Corporate Standard for Managing Occupational Injuries and Illnesses § Sample Injury Classification Reports for select sites § Sample Incident Investigation Reports for select sites § Interviews with Corporate EH&S Management Staff. 
Date Review Complete April 26, 2022. 
DIVERSITY EQUITY AND INCLUSION METRICS. 
All Employee/Senior Executives/Board - %Male/Female. 
Global Workforce - 27.80% Female, 72.07% Male, 0.13% Undicslosed Senior Leaders – 25.71% Female, 74.29% Male Board of Directors – 25.00% Female, 75.00% Male. 
Full Time/Part Time/Regular/Temp Employee - %Male/Female. 
Full-Time – 27.23% Female, 72.64% Male, 0.02% Undisclosed, 0.11% Blank Part-Time – 68.00% Female, 32.00% Male


Page 4. 
All Employee/Senior Executives/Board %White/Minority. 
Global Workforce – 29.84% Minority, 70.16% White Senior Leaders – 34.29% Minority, 65.71% White Board of Directors – 25.00% Minority, 75.00% White. 
Supporting Documents Reviewed DuPont Current Employee Detail Report. 
Data Review Complete April 26, 2022


Page 5. 
VERIFICATION PROCESS AND DOCUMENT REVIEW. 
WSP is issuing this limited assurance following the scope of verification activities which included two remote site visits with Joliet, USA, on November 8, 2021, and Madurai, India, on November 11,2021, a desktop review of activity data and calculations, and follow-up conversations with management personnel. DuPont has provided all data and requested supporting documentation which includes the following types of materials: — Energy and fuel activity data collection tools — GHG Inventory Management Plan (IMP) — GHG inventory calculation protocols and tools — Selected energy invoices and data tracking systems — Water activity data calculation tools — EH&S Incident Reports and Standards — DuPont Current Employee Detail Report. 
ASSURANCE FINDING. 
Based on these review processes and procedures, WSP has no evidence that the 2021 GHG inventory, renewable energy use, water use, EH&S performance metrics, and DE&I metrics of DuPont are not materially correct, are not a fair representation of the corresponding data and information, or have not been prepared in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and S35G Standard.
PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT. 
WSP has conducted this limited assurance review in its capacity as an independent third party in accordance with the ISO 14065 International Standard, Greenhouse gases — Requirements for greenhouse gas validation and verification bodies for use in accreditation or other forms of recognition. ISO 14065 specifies the principles and requirements employed by WSP to make this assertion. WSP has not contributed to the compilation of the 2021 GHG inventory of DuPont, its renewable energy data, water use data, EH&S performance metrics, nor its diversity, equity & inclusion metrics. Members of the WSP Assurance Team are not working with Dupont in any capacity beyond what is required of this assignment.
Sincerely,
Ron Feingold Project Director


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 116. 
Cautionary statement regarding forward looking statements. 
This communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” “will,” “would,” “target,” and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words.
Forward-looking statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which that are beyond DuPont’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not representations or warranties or guarantees of future results.
Forward-looking statements include statements which relate to the purpose, ambitions, commitments, targets, plans, objectives, and results of DuPont’s sustainability strategy. Forward-looking statements include statements related to the standards and measurement of progress against the company’s sustainability goals, including metrics, data and other information, which are based on estimates and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. The actual conduct of the company’s activities and results thereof, including the development, implementation, achievement or continuation of any goal, program, policy or initiative discussed or expected in connection with DuPont’s sustainability strategy may differ materially from the statements made herein. The use of the word “material” for the purposes of statements regarding our sustainability strategy and goals should not be read as equating to any use of the word in the company’s other disclosures or filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
See DuPont’s most recent annual report and subsequent current and periodic reports filed with the W Securities and Exchange Commission for further description of risks factors that could impact the expectations or estimates implied by the Company’s forward-looking statements, including (i) the ability to meet expectations regarding the timing, completion, accounting and tax treatments, and benefits, including integration, related to portfolio changes; (ii) risks and costs related to indemnification of legacy liabilities; (iii) risks and uncertainties related to operational and supply chain impacts or disruptions, including ability to offset increased costs, obtain raw materials, and meet customer needs, and (iv) other risks to DuPont’s business and operations. Unlisted factors may also present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business or supply chain disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties, loss of key customers, reputational harm and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on DuPont’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. DuPont assumes no obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws.


DuPont Sustainability Report 2022 117. 
Visit us at www.dupont.com. 
Engage with us at. 
If you have comments/questions email us at sustainability@dupont.com.
© 2022 DuPont de Nemours, Inc. All rights reserved.
DuPont™, the DuPont Oval Logo, and all products, unless otherwise noted, denoted with ™, SM or ® are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of affiliates of DuPont de Nemours, Inc.