MOVE. 
Kia Sustainability Magazine 2022


Introduction. 
CEO Message. 
About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights 04 06 08. 
Magazine l On the MOVE. 
Kia Management System. 
Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration. 
Sustainable Design Strategy. 
The Ocean Cleanup Partnership. 
Safety and Environment Management System. 
Sustainable Business. 
Purchasing · Raw Materials. 
Production. 
Product · Service. 
Customer Experience. 
Disposal · Recycling. 
Research & Development (R&D) 10 14 15 17 19 20 22 23 27 28 34 37 40. 
ESG Factbook. 
Materiality Assessment. 
Management Approach. 
Governance. 
Corporate Governance. 
Compliance Management. 
Risk Management. 
Economy. 
Economic Value Creation & Distribution. 
Environmental. 
Environmental Management. 
TCFD Report. 
Minimizing Environmental Impact. 
Social. 
Employees. 
Human Rights. 
Customers. 
Local Community. 
Kia Slovakia 43 44 45 46 49 51 53 54 59 60 62 67 74 75 84 87 89 92. 
Appendix. 
Summary of Business Performance. 
GRI Standards Index. 
SASB Index. 
WEF Contents Index. 
Independent Assurance Statement. 
About MOVE. 
Contact Information 98 99 103 104 106 108 109. 
CONTENTS. 
READER’S GUIDE ‘MOVE’ is the name of the Kia Sustainability Report, which refers to a movement that makes a positive change in the world through mobility.
You can check more details by clicking the icon.


Introduction. 
CEO Message. 
About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights 04 06 08. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights 03


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 04. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights. 
CEO Message. 
Dear Stakeholders,
I would like to express my gratitude for your trust and support over the past year.
2021 Business Performance 2021 was a year of innovation and transformation. We declared our new brand ethos -- "Movement that. 
Inspires" -- and corporate vision of becoming a "Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider". Starting with changing our corporate name and logo, we have been accelerating the complete transformation of Kia’s brand, corporate strategy, products and design.
Despite the difficulties caused by the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic and semiconductor shortage, we have achieved significant performance milestones, including expansion of our global market share and No. 1 ranking among all automotive brands in JD Power’s 2022 Vehicle Dependability Study (VDS). In addition, the. 
Kia EV6, our first dedicated electric vehicle launched in 2021, was named the European Car of the Year (COTY) for the first time by a Korean branded car. This prestigious distinction comes on the heels of the EV6 being chosen as the Car of the Year at the What Car? Awards in the UK, thereby further strengthening Kia’s status as a global EV brand.
We have also been fully committed to ESG management along our new journey. For the environmental sector, we established and declared a roadmap for carbon neutrality by 2045, and the EV6 obtained carbon footprint certification from the Carbon Trust in the UK for the first time in the automobile industry. For the social sector, we conducted human rights impact assessments for all domestic and overseas business sites in accordance with the Kia Human Rights Charter. Moreover, we evaluated ESG records of primary suppliers to ensure that our parts suppliers lay a strong foundation for ESG management. We also made efforts to strengthen governance by launching the Sustainability Management Committee and diversifying the composition of the Board of Directors. In recognition of such efforts, Kia obtained an overall A+ grade in the ESG evaluation conducted by the Korea Corporate Governance Service (KCGS) and was selected as an excellent ESG company. We will accelerate the realization of our vision of becoming a 'sustainable mobility solutions provider'.


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 05. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights. 
Our Pledge to Social Responsibility. 
As a global corporate citizen, Kia supports the ten principles of the UN Global Compact, including human rights, labor equality, and anti-corruption, while promoting sustainable management to achieve the UN. 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). In particular, under the mission of "contributing to the free and safe movement of mankind through sustainable mobility", we are focusing on social issues related to "environment" and "right to mobility". We will transparently disclose all of our achievements to stakeholders through our website and annual sustainability report.

We will continue to sincerely take on challenges for the sustainability of mankind and nature.
And we look forward to your unwavering interest and warm encouragement along our journey.
Thank you.
June 2022. 
President and CEO Kia Corporation Ho-Sung Song 2022 : Towards a Sustainable Future. 
In 2022, Kia intends to take bold and innovative steps toward our transformation. We are committed to realizing the vision of becoming a ‘Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider’ by reorganizing our Plan S management strategy around the three pillars of Planet, People, and Profit, which enable us to fulfil our environmental and social responsibilities.
[Planet] ] We are contributing to an environment that coexists with nature by reducing GHG emissions and creating a virtuous cycle for resources.
Starting with joining the RE100 initiative in April, we are making real changes to achieve carbon neutrality by 2045. We have refined the carbon reduction targets for each milestone and are laying the groundwork for carbon reduction across the entire value chain, ranging from supply, production, and logistics to use and disposal. We will contribute to the creation of a virtuous resource cycle by establishing a system for reusing and recycling waste batteries and for expanding the application of recycled parts in our vehicles. Furthermore, we will respond proactively to climate change starting with domestic projects such as mud flat restoration and marine plastics collection and recycling.
[People] We are creating an organizational culture that values customers and employees.
Going forward, we will employ customer-oriented key performance indicators (KPIs) so that customers are at the center of all our decision making, which will in turn enhance Kia’s brand value. We are also ensuring that all business sites comply with global standards for non-discrimination, human rights protection, and occupational health and safety so that our employees can immerse themselves in their work with confidence. Moreover, we are seeking innovative ways to enhance the employee experience so that we create an environment where outstanding global talents can fully demonstrate and be recognized for their capabilities.
[Profit]We are securing sustainable competitiveness by transitioning to future businesses.
Following the successful launch of the Kia EV6, by 2027 we plan to introduce a full EV lineup of 14 models, including the Kia EV9, to become a leading electrification brand. In doing so, we aim to strengthen product competitiveness, particularly when it comes to connectivity and autonomous driving. In addition, we are achieving advancements in battery technologies and expanding ultra-high-speed E-pit charging stations to enhance customer convenience.
Finally, we have ambitious plans for the purpose-built vehicle (PBV) business. PBVs based on existing models such as the Ray van and the Niro Plus are creating a sensation in the domestic market, while dedicated PBV models and specialized services are under development to meet the needs of our future customers. We aim to be the leader in the global PBV market by expanding our production base through building an eco-friendly factory that minimizes carbon emissions, discovering new customers in the B2B market, and establishing an internal and external PBV ecosystem of the future. Furthermore, we will lay a foundation for long-term growth through active investments in future mobility businesses such as autonomous driving, robotics, and urban air mobility (UAM).


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 06. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights. 
About Kia. 
Company Overview. 
Since its establishment in 1944, Kia has been leading the Korean automobile industry for the past 77 years. We will continue our journey to establish ourselves as a "sustainable mobility solution provider" based on our mid-to long- term strategy 'Plan S' and sustainability management activities.
Line-Up of Kia. 
Sedan. 
Major Achievements (As of December 31, 2021)
Sales. 
KRW 69.9 trillion. 
U.S J.D.Power 2022 Vehicle Dependability Study (VDS)
Durable quality 1st in overall brand. 
No. of units sold(including CKD) 296.1million vehicles. 
HEV 142,089 vehicle. 
PHEV 66,457 vehicle. 
EV 106,218 vehicle. 
No. of eco-friendly vehicles sales 314,764 vehicle. 
Total No. of employees at domestic and oversears 51,975 persons. 
Morning | Ray | Rio | Pegas | K3. 
Ceed | K5 | Stinger | K8 | K9. 
RV(Recreational Vehicle)
KX1 | Sonet | Stonic | Soul | KX3. 
Seltos | Sportage | Xceed | KX5. 
Sorento | Mohave | Carnival | Telluride. 
Eco-friendly [HEV] K5 | K8 | Niro | Sorento [PHV] K3 | Ceed | Niro. 
Xceed | Sportage | Sorento [EV] K3 | Soul | Niro | EV6 | Bongo3. 
CKD(Complete Knock Down)
Automobile parts (engine, etc.)
Commercial Vehicle. 
Bongo3(K2500/K2700) | Granbird. 
HEV KRW 4,320.7 billion. 
PHEV KRW 2,244.2 billion. 
EV KRW 4,716.1 billion. 
Sales revenue of eco-friendly vehicles. 
KRW 11.3 trillion* * Management accounting standards


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 07. 
Production. 
Domestic AutoLand Gwangmyeong (320,000 units), AutoLand Hwaseong (540,000 units), AutoLand Gwangju (490,000 units), Consignment agency (200,000 units) 24. 
Overseas China Yeomseong Plant (Yancheng, 750,000 units) 25. 
Slovakia (Zilina, 330,000 units) 26. 
Georgia, USA (Georgia, 340,000 units) 27. 
Mexico (Pesqueria, 400,000 units) 28. 
Factory in India (Andhra Pradesh, 340,000 units) 29. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights. 
Global Network (Production units refer to annual production scale) Regional Headquarters. 
North America (Irvine, USA) 1 | Europe (Frankfurt, Germany) 2. 
Russia (Moscow) 3 | Latin America (Miami, USA) 4. 
Middle East & Africa (Dubai, UAE) 5 | Asia Pacific (Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) 6. 
Sales and Maintenance. 
Domestic Sales sector: 15 headquarters, 307 direct sales branches, 370 agencies, 8 delivery centers Service sector: 18 direct service centers, 236 comprehensive services, 547 specialized services Overseas Sales sector: 23 sales corporations, 156 agencies, 4,724 dealers Sales corporation USA 7 | Canada 8 | Germany 9 | UK 10 | Spain 11 France 12 | Italy 13 | Austria 14 | Hungary 15 Czech Republic 16 | Slovakia 17 | Poland 18 | Belgium 19 Sweden 20 | Netherlands 21 | Australia 22 | New Zealand 23 (As of December 31, 2021)
R&D. 
Domestic Hyundai Motor Group Technology Research Center (Hwaseong, Gyeonggi-do), Environmental Technology Research Center (Yongin, Gyeonggi-do), Uiwang Technology Research Center (Uiwang, Gyeonggi-do) Overseas R&D Center and Design Center R&D Center USA Detroit, Chino, Irvine, CPG 30 Europe Ruesselsheim, Nurburgring 31 | Japan Yokohama 32 China Yantai 33 | India Hyderabad 34. 
Design Center USA Irvine 35 | Europe Frankfurt 36. 
Head office 12, Heolleung-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul 37 7
8 22 23 28 27 29 26 37 35 30 34 36 31 32 33 1
6 5 4 3
25 9
11 13 18 15 17 2
21 20 19 16 14 12 24


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 08. 
CEO Message About Kia 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights 2021 Sustainability Management Highlights. 
ESG evaluation result. 
Integrated by KCGS A+ Grade 2
0 2
1 2
0 2
1. 
S
O. 
C
I. 
A
L 2
0 2
1. 
G
O. 
V
E. 
R
N. 
A
N. 
C
E 2
0 2
1 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Achieved certification for product carbon footprint certification. 
From the Carbon Trust. 
Application of eco-friendly materials in the product. 
Hazardous chemical emissions zero. 
Issuance of green bonds. 
About KRW 300billion in Korea. 
About $ 700million in overseas. 
Aim to achieve RE100 by 2040, and 100% electrification globally by 2045 Achieved 'Carbon Footprint' certification and 'Carbon Measurement' label for the first time in Korea. 
Applied eco-friendly materials to EV6 (floor mats, door map pockets, etc.)
Achieving 20% of recycled plastic use by 2030. 
Upgraded hazardous chemical handling facilities in AutoLand in Korea and used alternative products. 
Issued green bonds to invest in eco-friendly mobility. 
Sustainability Management Committee launched Strengthening the diversity of the Board of Directors. 
Additional appointment of female external directors for 2consecutive years (2022)
Strengthened shareholder-friendly policy. 
Dividend increase (2022)
Enhanced the company-wide sustainability management function by adding the ESG agenda review function to the existing Transparent Management Committee. 
Additional appointment of female external directors with expertise in future technology Paid the dividend at KRW 3,000 per share (300% increase compared to the previous year)
Evaluation of ESG performance of suppliers Evaluation of human rights impact on employees Strengthening workplace health and safety Social contribution donation of. 
KRW 28billion. 
Supply chain ESG evaluation (380 primary suppliers) For all business sites at domestic and overseas No. of serious accidents for 4 consecutive years: zero Domestic KRW 18.4 billion, Overseas KRW 9.6 billion. 
Environmental. 
Governance. 
Social. 
E
S. 
G
Received Prime Minister’s Award for Sustainability Management. 
In recognition of climate change response, job creation, capacity building for suppliers, corporate governance, etc.
Prime Minister’s Award 2
0 2
1 2
0 2
1. 
S
O. 
C
I. 
A
L 2
0 2
1. 
G
O. 
V
E. 
R
N. 
A
N. 
C
E 2
0 2
1. 
Environmental Social Governance


Magazine On the MOVE. 
Kia Management System. 
Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration. 
Sustainable Design Strategy. 
The Ocean Cleanup Partnership. 
Safety and Environment Management System. 
Sustainable Business 10 14 15 17 19 20 22. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 09. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Kia Management System. 
Customers' standards and lifestyles are undergoing major changes in recent years.
The automotive industry is no exception. Internal combustion engines are giving way to electric motors, and the automobile market is expanding into the areas of electric vehicles, connected cars, autonomous driving, and mobility.
This means that competition in the automobile industry has intensified in an unpredictable manner, and it also means that it is difficult for. 
Kia to sustain its business just by manufacturing and selling automobiles.
Kia is now facing the transformation of customers and automobile business.
No matter how large and rapid change may be, the essence of a company is to give customers what they want.
Therefore, we need to shift our perspective from focusing on supply- and seller-oriented to customer-oriented, and make the wind of change a driving force for Kia’s growth.
Changes in Kia's Management System. 
Since the past years, Kia has adopted a management system that leads the times, and as a result, Kia has developed into what it is today. Now, Kia wants to take on a new challenge of promoting "brand management" to achieve greater success.
2002 Quality management. 
Product Quality Innovation 2006 Design management. 
Product Design Innovation 2021 Brand management. 
Brand purpose-driven, Customer experience-centric, Sustainable mobility business 2010 Global management. 
Expansion of production bases, Quantitative growth. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 10. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


We believe movement inspires ideas. That is why we at Kia create the space for you to get inspired, and more time to bring your ideas to life.
Plan S. 
Management System at Kia. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 11. 
Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider. 
Brand purpose. 
Corporate Vision. 
Corporate strategy. 
Planet. 
Shift to Sustainability. 
People. 
Shift our Mindset. 
Profit. 
Shift our Business. 
Transition to an eco-friendly company that creates sustainable value. 
Shifting our mindset from provider-oriented to customer-oriented. 
Transition from existing business to future new business and new profit structure. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


We will contribute to the sustainability of our planet and society by achieving carbon neutrality by 2045.
Conversion to green energy. 
By 2040, Kia plans to achieve RE100, which converts the energy used by its business sites around the world into renewable energy. We intend to actively use new renewable energy by installing solar power generation, etc., and switch to next-generation eco- friendly energy such as hydrogen in the mid- to long-term.
Transition to electrification and management of supply chain. 
Kia aims to become a true EV company by achieving 100% electrification in the four major markets by 2040, and 100% electrification in the global market by 2045. We are working closely with our suppliers to build a sustainable supply chain.
Resource Circulation. 
Kia intends to raise its recycling rate of plastics to 20% by 2030 and achieve 100% recycling of scrap cars by 2045. To this end, we will establish a system to create virtuous cycle of recycling and actively discover partners with eco-friendly recycling technologies.
Planet. 
People Profit # What is RE100? | An international campaign that aims to procure 100% of the electricity used by companies from renewable energy such as wind and solar power by 2050. 
Planet. 
Shift to Sustainability. 
Transition to an eco-friendly company that creates sustainable value. 
Sustainable Energy. 
Sustainable Mobility. 
Sustainable Planet. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 12. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Plan S CEO Investor Day Video


Our employees are the key players in shaping Kia's brand and customer experience. All employees of Kia focus on what customers and users really need and what they really want.
We aim to innovate our business and generate new profits with a focus on. 
EVs, PBVs and Mobility.
People Profit. 
Shift our Mindset Shift our Business. 
Shifting our mindset from provider-oriented to customer-oriented transition from existing business to future new business and new profit structure # What is organizational culture? | a means to internalize the principles and direction of change as common norms and values agreed upon among members. 
Global PBV Tier 1. 
PBV dedicated platform development. 
Providing customer-tailored solutions. 
Establishment of mobility ecosystem. 
Utilization of finished vehicle business assets/strengths. 
Global EV Tier 1. 
Full line-up of 14 vehicle models in 2027 1.2 million EV sales in 2030. 
EV Brand and customer-oriented new organizational culture PBV aMaaS. 
EV6. 
EV9. 
Kia creates a brand/customer-oriented new organizational culture so that the changed employee experience can be transferred to the customer experience.
Employee experience Customer experience. 
System. 
Working environment working style mindset. 
Organizational culture. 
Contained in products/services and delivered to customers as a brand. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 13. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 14. 
Sustainability Management System. 
Under the reorganized management system, Kia has established a mid-to-long-term sustainability management system to leap forward as an ESG leader.
We set 2022 as the first year for "internalization and value creation", we have strengthened risk management and conducted company-wide improvement tasks to improve our ESG structure. Going forward, Kia will minimize risks for each major issue and secure a competitive advantage in the future business environment.
Foundation of Sustainability Management. 
Sustainability Management Committee within the BOD Reinforcement of the operation of the ESG-dedicated organization Management of key performance indicators (KPIs) by division. 
Identification of improvement tasks through evaluation and environmental analysis Establishment of detailed roadmap for company-wide ESG improvement tasks Examination of the implementation status of improvement tasks through the ESG consultative body. 
Reinforcement of channels for sharing ESG performance (Sustainability Report, website, etc.) Expansion of communication with appraisers and investment institutions. 
Recruitment of ESG experts Provision of training programs designed to raise awareness for ESG among employees (quality, human rights, partners, etc.)
Organizations for Sustainability Management. 
ESG Council Sustainability Management Team. 
The Sustainability Management Committee within the BOD. 
CEO. 
Environment Division Social Division Governance/ economy Division. 
Organization. 
Resource. 
Communication. 
Process. 
Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider Corporate Vision. 
Plan S. 
Planet People Profit. 
Corporate Strategy. 
System. 
Domestic and International Evaluation / Regulatory Response. 
Internalization and Value Creation. 
Company-wide Strategies / Strengthening Linkage with Value Chain. 
Making a Big Leap toward a Leading Company. 
Creating Best Practices. 
By 2021 By 2025 By 2030. 
Roadmap for ESG Management 1 Establishment of system to achieve carbon neutrality. 
Establishment of emission reduction targets for each value chain, implementation of strategic tasks 2 Reduction of carbon at business sites. 
Refinement of plans for achieving RE100, establishment of greenhouse gas monitoring system 3 Reinforcement of safety system. 
Establishment of integrated safety and environment management system, acquisition of the same standard (ISO*) certification for all domestic and overseas business sites 4 Establishment of ESG system for supply chain. 
Evaluation of ESG performance for global tier 1 suppliers and establishing plans for improvement 5 Reinforcement of human rights protection of employees. 
Disclosure of human rights impact assessment results conducted in 2021, improvement of vulnerable areas 6 Improving transparency of the Board. 
Implementation of Board evaluation and improvement of Board operation 7 Reinforcement of ethical management. 
Reinforcement of employee training (workplace ethics, anti-corruption, etc.), disclosure of reports on unethical behavior. 
ESG improvement tasks * ISO (International Standard Organization)
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 15. 
Kia aims to provide inspiring movement while reducing negative impacts on nature caused by movement.
In November 2021, Kia officially declared to achieve carbon neutrality by 2045. To this end, Kia plans to reduce its carbon emissions by 97% compared to 2019 by 2045 and seek ways to offset the remaining amount, making net emissions "zero" at all stages. This will be promoted with the goal of achieving the 3Ss: Sustainable Energy,
Sustainable Mobility, and Sustainable Planet.
2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration. 
Key Milestones for Carbon Neutrality. 
Sustainable Mobility. 
Sustainable Energy. 
Sustainable Planet. 
Direction 2019 2030 1.3% 1.7% 15.2% 81.7% 2040 2045 0.1% 7% 70% 97%
Maximum. 
Supply Production Logistics Use Disposal. 
We aim to achieve RE100 by 2040 to transit to sustainable energy. All electricity in Kia's production facilities will be replaced by 100% renewable energy by 2040.
* PPA (Power Purchase Agreement) ** REC (Renewable Energy Certificate)
Kia was approved to join RE100 in April 2022. 
A voluntary international initiative with the goal of procuring 100% of the electricity used by companies with renewable energy such as solar, wind, hydro, bio, geothermal, and green hydrogen.
100% Transition to eco-friendly energy (by 2030 for overseas facilities, by 2040 for domestic facilities)
Sustainable Energy. 
Transition to Green Energy. 
Fossil Fuel 2040 2019 2030 100% Transition 64% Transition. 
Solar power PPA* REC**
Action Plans 8.2%
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Fossil Fuel. 
Kia 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 16 (Unit : thousand vehicles) Achieving 4 million vehicles for global sales by 2030 / 1.2 million sales of EVs. 
Proportion of eco-friendly vehicle sales in major regions (2030)
ICE xEV EV 84% 33% 77% 14% 89% 39% 56% 1.5%
Korea. 
Europe. 
China. 
North America 67% 24% 9% 16% 40% 44% 2022 2030 23% 41% 36% 2030 11% 26% 63% 61% 26% 13% 2022 2030 98.5% 44% 19% 37% 2030 86% 10% 2022 4% 2022 1% 0.5%
Kia will electrify 100% of the four major markets by 2040 and 100% electrify of the global market by 2045 to become a global EV Tier 1 brand while minimizing our products’ environmental impacts.
In order to establish a virtuous cycle of recycling, Kia will replace 20% of all plastic parts in its vehicles with recycled plastic by 2030.
Kia’s Electrification Transition Plan by 2030 Plans to achieve 20% of recycled plastic usage rate by 2030. 
Sustainable Planet. 
Resource Circulation. 
Sustainable Mobility. 
Conversion to Electrification 2030 2022 3,150 2026 3,860 1,200 807 684 2,368 2,621 369 160 860 1,940 4,000 30% 21% 5% 22% 18% 12% 48% 61% 83% EV xEV ICE. 
Current 2022. 
Stage 1 ~2025. 
Stage 2 ~2030. 
Wheel guard, floor carpet, etc.
2% 8% 20%
Console upper, engine cover, etc. Bumper, pillar trim, etc.
Representative parts. 
Recycled plastic usage (average)
Action Plan. 
Expansion of mechanical recycling * Application of chemical recycling** * A method of processing plastic wastes into pellets after washing, pulverizing and sorting them ** A method of regenerating various chemicals by decomposing plastic wastes through a pyrolysis process, etc.
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 17. 
Sustainable Design Strategy. 
Kia believes that sustainability should be at the core of everything we make. Kia’s strategy focuses on sustainability at scale to create real impact. Through R&D, Kia has successfully implemented sustainable solutions in various product areas, including textiles and carpets using recycled PET, bio-based alternative leather, and BTX*-free paint.
* BTX (Benzene, Toluene, Xylene)
In order to fulfil our corporate responsibility and have imediate real impact, Kia has establish a 3 step action plan for the Design of Colors, Materials and Finishes. Starting with the new EV9, Kia plans to completely phase out the use of leather for all future projects. BIO** PU with added BIO components such as corn, eucalyptus and more is durable and can achieve the same feel as leather. By replacing leather and PVC*** with BIO PU, we can reduce CO2 emissions and toxic chemicals as well as provide high quality products.
** BIO PU (Bio-Polyurethane) *** PVC (Poly Vinyl Chloride)
Action 1 Leather-Free 3 Phases of Action Plan. 
Leather-free 10 Must have items. 
BIO Fabrication. 
Action 1 Action 2 Action 3. 
Kia plans to completely phase out the use of leather for all future projects.
Definition of 10 essential material standards to be applied to Kia models.
Advanced studies for natural material developments. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 18. 
Over the past decades, Kia has been implementing various sustainable solutions, but those were applied to products without a comprehensive approach.
Therefore, to create massive impact, Kia defined “10 Must Have Items” which will be applied into all Kia models.
With this Action, Kia could guarantee the implementation of sustainability at scale.
For its ambitious goal of advanced research, Kia defined “BIO Fabrication” as the third Action. With R&D, Kia aims to develop materials by cooperating with new startups and innovators. One example is the development of new materials based on mycelium, which comes from the mushrooms roots. In a partnerhip with Mycell, a spin-off startup of Hyundai Motor Company, Kia is accelerating the plans for Bio fabrication, which will allow us to keep creating while learning from Nature.
PP+Bio PE plastic PCM* plastic Bio PU Recycled PET fabric Recycled PET fishing net carpet. 
Bio PU foam Bio paint BTX free paint Recycled PET yarns Recycled PET felt * Post Consumer Material. 
Action 2 10 Must Have Items Action 3 BIO Fabrication. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 19. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
The ocean has been a source of inspiration and has stood for human progress throughout history. The ocean is the source of all life on Earth and accounts for more than 70% of the Earth's surface, controls the Earth's climate and is a habitat for marine life vital for human needs. However, according to the. 
World Wildlife Fund (WWF), 88% of marine species studied face plastic threats (hindered migration and growth, reduced feeding, weaker immune responses or infertility). Plastics do not decay for decades and constantly degrade into microplastics and nanoplastics with devastating effects on food chains in the marine ecosystem. We need to use technology and innovative ideas to positively impact our planet by working together with actors in the private sector to reverse the damage to nature which is so costly to humanity.
Plastic has brought humanity many benefits, making it essential to use it sustainably and manage our resources responsibly.
Our Partnership with The Ocean Cleanup. 
The Ocean Cleanup plastic collection solution 'SYSTEM002'
Global Partnership between Kia and The Ocean Cleanup. 
Marine plastic waste. 
Aiming at this goal, we are working with The Ocean. 
Cleanup, a non-profit organization that develops and scales technologies to rid the world's oceans of plastic.
To succeed in this mission, they use a dual strategy of stopping the source by intercepting plastics in rivers and by cleaning up what has already accumulated in the ocean and won’t go away by itself. The Ocean. 
Cleanup’s ocean cleaning system is already collecting floating plastic from the ocean and Interceptor. 
Solutions prevent more plastic from entering the ocean via rivers. Kia’s partnership with The Ocean. 
Cleanup supports these technology-based marine plastic waste collection activities.
We also plan to take further steps towards cleaner oceans by establishing resource-friendly systems to use the plastic collected and recycled by The Ocean. 
Cleanup in the production of Kia vehicles. In the future, Kia will continue to form partnerships with various partners with innovative technologies and ideas to protect our planet and inspire our many stakeholders.
KIA-The Ocean Cleanup Partnership


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 20. 
Safety and Environment Management System. 
In accordance with the Safety and Environment Vision 2025 roadmap, Kia will establish a safety environment system at the level of 'voluntary participation' by 2025.
By establishing a safety environment management system (KIA SEMS) and carrying out improvement activities every year, all employees and partners are complying with safety and health rules and procedures by 2025.
1. Compliance with laws and regulations related to the safe environment. 
We have a safe environment system that meets global requirements, comply laws and regulations, and prioritize the requirements of stakeholders.
2. Minimization of the risks of the safety environment. 
We build a safe and pleasant work environment where our employees can create the value of their work and provide a happy experience to customers.
3. Minimization of environmental pollutant emissions. 
We optimize energy and resource input in all production areas, and actively introduce eco- friendly technologies to minimize emission of environmental pollutants.
4. Organizational culture in which safety is internalized. 
We strive to create a safety culture in which employees discover threats and proactively address those threats in order to create a safer workplace.
Safety and Environment Policy 1 We strictly comply with the principles of the safety and environment and consider the safety and environment in all decision making.
2 We consider the health and safety of everyone we work with as our top priority.
3 We fulfill our social responsibility for safety and the environment, and promote shared growth with our suppliers.
Basic Principles of Kia's Safety and Environment * Kia International Assessment for Safety & Environment Management System. 
Safety and Environment Vision 2025 roadmap 2025 2026~ 2021 2022. 
Maturity of safety culture Disaster risks / Legal risks. 
Classification Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Level 5. 
Contents Compliance with rules and procedures - Control by manager - The level of unification of the original agency and its partners. 
Conscious Participation - Internalization of rules and procedures - Expand into everyday life. 
Voluntary participation - Voluntary identification /improvement of Hazardous risk factors. 
Establishment of autonomous safety management - Caring for co-workers everyday. 
KIA SEMS* 60~70points 70~80points 80~90points 90~100points. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
One of the basic principles of Kia's safety and environment management system is 'to have a safe and environmental system that meets global requirements, and to comply with laws and satisfy the needs of stakeholders with the highest priority', which complies with OHS international standards and regulations, collective agreements, etc.


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 21. 
Application of Smart Safety Technology. 
Robot Spot and wearable robots that help overcome human limitations will make a great contribution to making our lives safer by performing missions in various fields and areas.
Boston Dynamics' Spot can perform missions on behalf of humans in hazardous locations which are inaccessible to humans, such as extreme environments such as high temperatures and extreme cold, areas prone to natural disasters, and areas contaminated with radiation.
Atlas is a humanoid robot rated as having the most similarity to a human body in the world. It implements human-like movements through a total of 28 hydraulic power joints and characterized by being able to maintain posture even in complex terrain through movement, stereo, and detection sensors. Atlas is 1.5 meters high, weighs 80kg, can move at 1.5 meters per second, and can lift a load of about 11kg, so it can perform various roles on behalf of humans.
VEX (Vest Exoskeleton), an industrial wearable robot, was developed to reduce musculoskeletal disorders and increase work efficiency of workers who work with their heads tilted upward for long periods of time. The. 
VEX can be worn like a vest and for a long time as it weighs only 2.5 kg.
Wearable robots are expected to improve human capabilities by reducing the risk of injury and assisting people with physical disabilities.
Patrol Robot Spot Humanoid Robot Atlas Wearable Robot VEX. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Spot Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 22. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Sustainable Business. 
Purchasing · Raw Materials Production Product · Service. 
Customer Experience. 
Disposal · Recycling R&D


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 23. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Strategic Supply Chain Operations. 
Kia established the supply chain management system based on the five priorities of the supply chain management strategy. The system includes quality competitiveness, technological competitiveness, supply stability, fair trade, and eco-friendly production systems. We are establishing and operating a sustainable supply chain by linking these standards to partner companies' ESG capacity enhancement. To this end, we are implementing a win-win growth strategy to not only demand that our partners practice social responsibility but also to secure their sustainable capabilities by proposing a code of conduct that business partners must abide by in the major areas of ESG: ethics, environment, labor/human rights, safety/health, and management system.
• Payment terms • Fairness of the contract • Compliance efforts • Win-win cooperation activities (support for mutual growth)
Priorities of Supply Chain Management Strategy. 
Quality Competitiveness • Receipt defect rate • Complaint reimbursement rate • Quality management • Evaluation of manufacturing process site / Outsourcing management. 
Technological competitiveness • Basic competencies • Performance • Future competencies • Reliability testing capability • S/W verification capability. 
Supply stability • Smooth supply of parts(prevention of production line stoppage) • A/S parts payment rate • KD parts payment rate. 
Fair Trade Eco-friendly production system • Environmental management system • Energy use management • Air pollutant management • Waste management • Hazardous chemicals management. 
Developing global competitiveness. 
Enhancing the foundation for sustainable growth. 
Establishing a culture of mutual growth. 
Mutual growth strategy. 
Purchasing·Raw Materials Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D. 
Management of Risks in the Supply Chain. 
In order to mitigate the recent the ESG-related supply chain risks, Kia evaluates ESG performance and improves management of its suppliers. Since 2022, we have evaluated the ESG performance of overseas parts makers.
In doing so, we manage ESG performance for all parts makers we do business with. Companies that require intensive management, such as Critical suppliers and high-risk suppliers are separately designated and managed.
For Critical suppliers, 82 suppliers (1st-tier suppliers and 2nd-tier suppliers) were selected in consideration of the characteristics of parts, purchase size, and substitutability among suppliers that supply parts used for hydrogen fuel cells, battery systems, control devices, autonomous driving systems, and infotainment systems. For High risk suppliers, there are 19 suppliers who are concerned about major safety accidents or risks related to fair trade. We are monitoring and preventing fair trade risks through the "5-Star Evaluation System for Win-win Cooperation", which has been in effect since 2019. This system strengthens win-win cooperation between the 1st-tier suppliers and 2nd-tier suppliers.
Supply Chain Assessment & Correction Status. 
Category Indicators No. of suppliers Percentage. 
Supply Chain ESG Assessment 1st-tier suppliers subject to sustainability risk assessment* (domestic suppliers) 380 100%
High risk1st-tier suppliers subject to sustainability risk assessment 19 100%
Critical Supplier Monitoring Critical 1st-tier suppliers subject to supply chain monitoring 62 100%
Critical 2nd-tier suppliers subject to supply chain monitoring 20 100%
Correction Measures Sustainability high risk suppliers that completed corrective measures 19 100%
Supply Chain Status (2021) * Overseas suppliers : imported parts company + companies that do business with overseas factories ** Proportion of purchases from 1st-tier critical suppliers in total purchases from total 1st-tier suppliers. 
Category No. of Suppliers Purchase ratio 1st-tier Total No. of 1st-tier suppliers 1,860 100% Domestic 380. 
Overseas 1,480*
Critical Suppliers 62 65%** 2nd-tier Critical Suppliers 20


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 24. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Management Process for Minerals Kia supports the OECD Guidance on Conflict Minerals, applies the CMRT/CRT** form provided by the RMI*, and establishes a management process based on this. We operate management processes based on responsible and clear policies. We will maintain a transparent and stable supply chain management system by ensuring that our suppliers do business with RMAP*** certified smelters.
* RMI (Responsible Mineral Initiative) ** CMRT/CRT (Conflict Minerals Reporting/Cobalt Reporting Template) *** RMAP (Responsible Minerals Assurance Process)
Guidelines for Green Purchasing In September 2005, Kia participated in the Voluntary Agreement for Green Purchase promoted by the Ministry of. 
Environment, and has been promoting green purchasing by purchasing eco-friendly products such as products with eco-label certification, products with excellent recycling marks, products with reduced harmful substances in accordance with the Guidelines for Green Purchasing every year.
In 2007, we signed an agreement to provide eco-friendly parts with all parts suppliers in the supply chain to prevent the use or inclusion of substances that are harmful to the human body and the environment in the development and production of parts. We are working to establish an internal green system to ensure that supplied parts are designed, produced, packaged and transported in an environmentally sound manner.
Supply Chain Assessment Process. 
Supplier self-evaluation. 
Written evaluation. 
On-site evaluation. 
Monitoring of improvements/ Management of high-risk companies. 
Responsible Mineral Management. 
Kia establishes a system to manage conflict minerals in order to ban the use of conflict minerals that are unethically mined in conflict areas. In accordance with the "Responsible Mineral Purchasing" policy stipulated in the Conflict. 
Minerals (Responsible Minerals) Policy, we inspect social and environmental issues such as human rights violations, ethical violations, and negative environmental impacts when raw materials (minerals) including conflict minerals (tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold) are applied to parts supplied to us. We strive to build a sustainable future and fulfill our responsibilities as a global company by actively participating in responsible mineral management.
Mineral Purchasing Policy Kia complies with relevant laws and regulations as well as other requirements and continuously improve its management system. We established a policy for conflict minerals (responsible minerals) based on the OECD. 
Guidance on Conflict Minerals, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) requirements for companies in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Regulatory Reform Act in the US, and the EU's Conflict Minerals regulation. We are committed to continuing ethical and responsible management of conflict minerals and cobalt.
Management policy establishment. 
Clarification of management policy. 
Management organization operation. 
Raising supplier awareness. 
Briefing session for suppliers/ awareness-raising training. 
Identifying supplier risk. 
Conflict minerals use/ RMI standard form. 
Risk improvement activities. 
Request for expansion of conflict minerals management/ Recommendation for trading in certified smelters. 
Supply Chain Sustainability Goals. 
Classification Performance Goals 2019 2020 2021 2022. 
Acquired ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certificates for Tier 1 suppliers 98% 99% 100% 100%
Acquired ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certificates for Tier 1 suppliers 91% 92% 100% 100%
Assessing Supply Chain ESG risk -20% 20% 100%
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 25. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Strengthening Capabilities of Supply Chain. 
Kia conducts a project to support the construction of a smart factory to strengthen the competitiveness of its suppliers. We provide consulting and invest in facilities to computerize the process data of suppliers, reduce lead time, defect rate, and disposal cost, and increase sales and on time delivery rate. For the project to support the construction of a smart factory, we have been financing a total of KRW 24 billion at the group-level from August 2015 to 2021 to support 1,100 small and medium-sized suppliers. We also help suppliers participate domestic/ overseas auto parts exhibitions and provide them with programs to develop partnership with overseas buyers. In. 
Korea, we offer financial support for renting booths at the automobile industry exhibitions, one-to-one matching with overseas buyers and provide consulting services. For overseas exhibitions, we support all expenses such as airfare and accommodation, including participation fees.
The Supplier Recruitment Fair, which started in 2012, was organized to help suppliers having difficulties in finding talented manpower and contribute to creating jobs for the youth, and in 2021, 287 companies including 2 nd- and 3 rd-tier suppliers participated in this fair. In addition, we are providing assistance to minimize the manpower vacancy by operating an online full-time job support system dedicated to suppliers throughout the year. In addition, the Global Win-Win Cooperation Center provides training programs to the 1 st and 2 nd-tier suppliers with a purpose to help them improve their competitiveness in the automobile industry. We also render training facilities and instructors when they require their own training.
Foundation of Korea Automotive Parts Industry Promotion, an external organization established with the goal of strengthening global competitiveness of suppliers, operates various training programs for the 1 st and 2 nd-tier suppliers. In 2021, a total of 3,000 people joined the programs which include technical institutes, quality institutes and production manager training.
In order to improve the quality, technology and productivity of finished cars by improving the competency of our suppliers, and to enhance global competitiveness, we dispatch a technical support group and a supplier support group to small and medium-sized enterprises to transfer our expertise and know-how free of charge.
Supplier Support Program (2021)
Category Technical Instructions (Quality Technology Support Group)
Management Consulting (Supplier Support Group) 1st-tier Suppliers 26 37 2nd-tier Suppliers 83 18. 
Contents Technical guidance by industry Management consulting by division. 
Support Areas 14 industries including injection and rubber 8 divisions including R&D and production. 
Training Performance of Global Win-Win Cooperation Center (Job training, etc.) 59,837people 454 courses. 
Assistance to Promote Financial Growth of Suppliers. 
For the stable fund management of suppliers, we make cash payments to small and SME suppliers. Also, to share the growth of SME suppliers, we widened the applicable scope of cash payment by changing the previous conditions stated as "mid- sized companies with sales less than KRW 300 billion" under the Subcontracting Act, to "mid-sized companies with sales less than KRW 500 billion" since 2016.
We make early payments to relieve their financial burden during the holidays, and urge the 1 st-tier suppliers to make earlier payments to 2 nd-tier and 3 rd-tier suppliers. We state the fact whether the 1 st tier supplier has benefited from financial assistance on the evaluation record of the supplier assessment. Additionally, various financial support programs including the Mutual Growth Cooperation Loan, Win-Win Fund, Mutual Growth Fund, and the other fund dedicated to 2 nd and 3 rd-tier their foundations for business stability.
Especially we have been financing at the group level for small and SME suppliers with low credit ratings who are suffering from the COVID-19. We have run financial support program for suppliers since 2020. Furthermore, by adjusting and reflecting changes in the price of raw materials including steel, aluminum, and precious metals, we pay careful attention to relieve their burden from rising costs so that they can supply high quality parts.
Payment Terms and Conditions. 
Category Payment type Payment period. 
Parts for Domestic Markets SMEs Cash Once a week. 
Mid-sized companies (less than KRW 500 billion in sales) Cash Once a week. 
Mid-sized companies (KRW 500 billion or more in sales) Promissory note (60 days) Once a week. 
Large corporations Promissory note (60 days) Once a month. 
Parts for Overseas Markets Cash Once a month. 
Supply Chain Financial Support Programs. 
Mutual Growth Cooperative Loan Future Growth Win-Win Fund Future Growth Mutual Fund Win-Win Mold Equipment Fund. 
Loan fund exclusively for secondary and tertiary partners 2,380 935 1,500 750 723. 
Support Program. 
Operating scale (KRW 100 million)
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 26. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Establishment of a culture of shared growth with partners. 
As part of creating a culture of shared growth, Kia enters into a 'fair trade agreement with its partners every year.
Since the signing of the first agreement in 2008, Kia signed the 13 th agreement in 2021 and is implementing adjustments related to raw material price increases, financial support programs, operation of four subcontracting practices, and strengthening of win-win cooperation with secondary and tertiary partners.
In addition, Kia has been working hard to spread a culture of shared growth by reviewing and rewarding win- win growth performance, such as improving payment conditions between primary and secondary suppliers, since 2009. A total of 38 companies have received the award for excellent win-win cooperation till 2021 since the reward system was implemented. Kia conducts transparent transactions through the Partner System, which evaluates partners fairly in all transactions. Kia supports the sustainable growth of its suppliers and provides a transparent and ethical practice suggestion box for suppliers to collect their complaints and opinions on various system improvements by operating the website of the Transparent Purchasing Practice Center and posting the code of conduct for business partners, the 4 major subcontracting practices, and the guidelines for the prohibition of retaliation. Kia also operates the opinion box for secondary and tertiary partners to establish fair trade practices throughout the supply chain and enhance transparency.
Fair Trade Agreement. 
Review and Reward for win-win growth performances between 1st and 2ndtier suppliers. 
Fair Evaluation of suppliers and operating Partner System. 
Operation of Transparent Purchase Practice Center. 
Mutual Growth Performance * Analysis target : 1st tier supplier (excluding affiliates, non-specialized parts companies with less than 10% dependence)
Four Subcontracting Practices • Desirable contract signing practices • New registration and operation of suppliers practices • Implementation of subcontract internal deliberation committee practices • Desirable written issuance and preservation practices. 
Transparency/Ethics Suggestion Box • Purpose of suggestion box/report box • How to make suggestions and report • How to operate operation method (Anonymous and non-disclosure principles) • Measure result inquiry. 
Overseas joint venture. 
Average transaction period. 
Increase in company size 4.4 times increase in the average sales volume of suppliers (2021 performance compared to 2001) 749 suppliers advance overseas together. 
Average transaction period with suppliers 34 years (Average transaction period in. 
Manufacturing Industry 12 years)
Establishment of a culture of shared growth. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 27. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
E-FOREST 「E-FOREST」, a smart factory brand of Kia Motors, is a "Smart Factory Ecosystem" that pursues innovation of manufacturing systems by organically connecting everything to realize customer value based on a human- centered manufacturing philosophy.
E-FOREST pursues advanced and flexible innovation automation "Auto-Flex", AI, big data-based intelligent control "Intelligence", human-friendly and customer-oriented smart technology "Humanity", and "Green" that achieves carbon neutrality through eco-friendly factories.
Auto-Flex responds to the diverse needs of customers with a new type of mobility manufacturing environment, and is building a fast and efficient system that overcomes limitations through innovative and highly automated production methods. Intelligence collects and analyzes products and all system data as well as external information in real time by using future ICT technology and by digitalizing quality/facility/logistics information. Intelligence uses an intelligent factory management system based on artificial intelligence to run factories more efficiently, providing the best quality for customers.
Humanity creates a safe and comfortable work environment by automating work environments, promoting harmony between humans and robots, and utilizing human-friendly technology. Green reduces carbon emissions by improving the efficiency of future eco-friendly factories and facilities, and contributes to achieving carbon neutrality by recycling resources and developing technologies that reduce energy costs. To expand E-FOREST, we selected AutoLand Gwangmyeong Plant 2 as a pilot plant in 2020 and implemented an intelligent factory management system that can monitor and connect data generated at the manufacturing site. We have selected. 
AutoLand Gwangju Plant 2 as a standard plant in 2022 and are building a system that can recognize and analyze changes by strengthening system performance. Based on the standard factory, we intend to expand the E-FOREST system globally by 2026. Through the new factory construction project, we will implement an advanced E-FOREST and establish a digital twin smart factory in which the virtual and physical environments are organically linked. In addition, we will expand E-FOREST to the entire value chain to secure sustainable competitiveness as a top-tier mobility company and provide differentiated customer value.
Auto-Flex. 
Advanced and flexible innovation & automation. 
Humanity. 
Application of humanfriendly/customeroriented smart technology. 
Green. 
Achieving carbon neutralization through eco-friendly factories. 
Ecosystem where everything is organically connected Connected Everything. 
Intelligence. 
Intelligent control based on AI and big data. 
Data Analysis. 
Decision Making Insight Derivation. 
Completion of E-FOREST. 
Value. 
Means of Achievement. 
Purchasing·Raw Materials Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D. 
Step 2. 
E-FOREST advancement + Value-Chain expansion. 
Step 1. 
Demonstration/ Standard Factory (2020~2023) Global Expansion (2023~2026)
E-FOREST Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 28. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
World-Class Quality Brand. 
Kia received the highest rating among 32 brands in the "2022 Vehicle Dependability Study (VDS)" announced by U.S.
market research firm J.D. Power* and ranked No. 1 among all brands. Kia will make ceaseless efforts to maintain excellence quality performance.
* J.D.Power : U.S market research firm. 
Awards by country 2021 Initial Quality Study (IQS)
Segment Winner. 
Subcompact Crossover SUV Soul. 
Compact Car Forte(K3)
Compact SUV Sportage. 
Upper Midsize SUV Telluride. 
Minivan Sedona. 
The United States. 
Ranked No. 1 in all brands in the VDS for the first time. 
AutoPacific IVA(Ideal Vehicle Awards) :
K5 receive an award in the "Sedan (Midsize)" category, Sportage in the "Compact crossover" category, Telluride in the "Large crossover" category. 
The U.K.
Sorento won an award in the "Large SUV of the Year" category for 2021 What Car Awards. 
EV6 won an award in the "2022 Car of the. 
Year" category for 2022 What Car Awards. 
Canada. 
Received awards in three categories for 2021. 
Auto Trader Awards :
Rio for "Subcompact Car",
Seltos for "Subcompact SUV",
Telluride for "3-Rov SUV"
K5, “Best Large Car” for 2021 Canadian Car of the Year. 
Telluride, "Best Large Utility Vehicle"
Germany. 
EV6 won an award in the "Premium (<50k €)" for 2022 German Car of the Year. 
Russia 'Received awards in six categories for "2021 Most Preferred Brand",
Picanto in the "Urban Car" category,
Seltos in the "Compact SUV" category,
K5 in the "Business Class" category,
Sorento in the "Midsize SUV" category,
Carnival in the "Minivan" category. 
Latin America. 
Sorento won an award in the "SUV" category for 2021 Latin Car of the Year. 
Australia. 
Sorento won an award in the "All categories" for 2021 Car of the Year. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D 2022 Vehicle Dependability Study(VDS)
Segment Winner. 
Segment Award. 
Subcompact Crossover SUV Soul (2nd)
Compact Optima (K5, 3rd) Compact SUV Sportage (2nd)
Midsize SUV Sorento. 
No. 1 of all brands by J.D.Power. 
Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 29. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Kia's first dedicated electric vehicle EV6 overcomes the limitations of existing electric vehicles and presents a vision for future electric vehicles with new technologies and optimized specifications.
475km on a Single Charge. 
Charging stress is minimized using the EV6's 77.4kWh high- capacity battery. 
Remote Smart Parking Assistant (including perpendicular parking, parallel parking, and exit function)
It helps the driver to park and pull out the vehicle remotely.
When the driver gets in and operates the vehicle, it automatically controls steering and vehicle speed to assist in parking and pulling out the vehicle.
Panoramic Curved Display. 
We implemented a wide and luxurious interior by applying a 12.3-inch cluster and a curved display with integrated navigation. In addition, we enhanced user convenience with the "Kia. 
Connect" widget and split screen, a state-of-the- art connected car service that provides remote control and safety and security services.
18-minute Super-fast Charge. 
It charges from 10% to 80% in 18 minutes, enabling super-fast charging.
i-PEDAL Mode. 
It uses the next-generation integrated PE (Power. 
Electric) system to realize a long mileage and provides excellent driving performance based on a low center of gravity design and rear-wheel drive. A one-pedal mode (i-PEDAL mode) has been applied that can accelerate, decelerate, and stop using only the accelerator pedal.
2022 Selected as Car of the Year in Korea. 
Car of the Year, Design of the Year, Electric Crossover of the Year. 
EV6 Won the award for '2022 European Car of the Year'
First in Hyundai Motor Group, first in nonEuropean countries 2022 Received Red Dot Award. 
Best of the best (Automobile & Motorcycle), Best Innovative Product. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials. 
EV6 Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 30. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Q . What was your focus when developing the EV6?
A EV6 is Kia’s first dedicated electric vehicle mass-produced based on Electric-Global Modular Platform (E-GMP), focusing on mileage, driving performance and convenience. The battery capacity is divided into 77.4kWh and 58.0kWh to operate as a long-range model and a standard model. The EV6 can travel up to 510km or more by combining the long-range model with a 160kW rear-wheel motor. It is based on rear-wheel drive, and implement four-wheel drive by adding an electric motor to the front wheel. The transmission, which is essential for conventional internal combustion engine vehicles, is not included. Instead, EV6 is equipped with the Disconnector. 
Actuator System (DAS) that separates or connects the motor and the drive shaft according to the driving situation, and a heat pump system that minimizes battery consumption by using waste heat generated from electronic components for indoor heating. Furthermore, it applied the Smart Regeneration System 2.0, which automatically adjusts the amount of regenerative braking based on traffic flow and navigation map, and the i-pedal (Intelligent. 
Pedal) mode that can accelerate, decelerate and stop using only the accelerator pedal. The 800V multi-quick charging system enhances charging convenience. The convenience of charging has been improved through the 400V/800V multi-quick charging system.
Jung Jae Kim I Researcher Sub-Mid PM 2. 
Sang Jo Kim I Senior Researcher Sub-Mid PM 6. 
Su Hyeok Ha I Researcher Sub-Mid PM 2. 
Seung Pyo Lee I Senior Researcher Sub-Mid PM 2. 
EV6 Researcher Interview. 
Q Harmony of functionality and design. 
A EV6 offers a differentiated design and dynamic driving experience. We paid careful attention to the interior space and sound to provide a driver with a comfortable driving experience. The front row is designed mainly for the driver. We applied the relaxation comfort seat, 12.3-inch cluster, and panoramic curved display with integrated navigation, completing a wide and luxurious interior. We also made it convenient for the driver to operate the main infotainment functions and the HVAC System with the push of a button in the center of the control panel. The back row is equipped with a reclining function. The back row folds when the lever is pulled with the trunk open, allowing users use the space when necessary. EV6 is the first Kia vehicle for which Active Sound Design technology is applied. Various engine sounds such as Stylish, Dynamic, and Cyber are provided so the driver can choose the sound according to his or her taste. On the exterior of the vehicle, sequential lighting front and rear turn indicators, dynamic welcome light, body silhouette lamp, auto flush door handle, rear deck spoiler, electric charging port, external V2L, etc. are applied.
Q A high-performance Electric Vehicle with Powerful Performance. 
A A The EV6 GT is Kia's first high-performance electric vehicle. A separate GT drive mode was applied to enable 0 to 100 km/h arrival (0-100 km/h). Batteries must be set to a certain temperature for maximum output.
When GT mode is selected, a function is activated to raise or cool down to a certain temperature. Compared to general models, the EV6 GT has a motor specialized for high performance, providing a maximum output of 584 hp and a maximum torque of 75.5 kgf·m. A 430kW dual motor, which is larger than a normal motor, was installed in order to achieve the power performance of the EV6 GT.
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 31. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
EV9. 
AutoMode of the Perfect Electric Vehicle, Enables Free Driving Moment. The flagship model EV9, which is at the top of the electric vehicle lineup, is an innovative product that leads and inspires future designs based on Kia's new design philosophy "Opposites United (creative fusion of opposing concepts)". With an unprecedented future-oriented design, the EV9 provides a new experience to customers' lifestyles with five attributes: boldness in harmony with nature, pleasure for a reason, innovative attempts for the future, technology for human life, and tension in tranquility. Through mechanical and natural elements, the. 
EV9 offers mobility versatility, endless creativity, advanced technology, and aesthetics of balance and harmony.
Following the EV6's Highway Driving Assist technology, the EV9 comes with an enhanced autonomous driving technology, providing customers with a safe and free new driving paradigm.
E-pit. 
Electric vehicle charging service brand E-pit, Establishes the Domestic Charging Network. Kia takes the lead for the qualitative and quantitative growth of the EV charging ecosystem, launching "Electric. 
Vehicle Charging Service Platform (E-CSP)" as a control system for charging stations and applying this to E-pit.
Through this brand, charging operators reduce burden on service development, member management and operation, and customers can experience convenient services such as stable charging, flexible rate plans, and expanded point usage. As of June 2022, a total of 120 E-pits have been installed in 21 locations across the country, and we plan to expand the number of E-pits in the future to enhance the convenience of electric vehicle customers.
EV9. 
AER : over 540km 100km charge : at the six-minute mark. 
Speed from 0-60 mph : at the 5-second mark. 
OTA / FoD. 
Ultra-Wide Display. 
Smart Glass. 
Digital Tiger Face. 
Space Innovation. 
Sustainability. 
Hwaseong Resting Place E-pit. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials. 
EV9 Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 32. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
PBV Lineup | Kia will make an early entry into the PBV market by utilizing the existing platform. Starting with launch of Kia Ray single-seater van, a multi-purpose model that suggests the direction of the PBV in February 2022, we will sequentially launch products such as EV taxi, Kia's first PBV model, and Niro Plus for car camping that meet the needs of various customer groups in May 2022. After 2025, we intend to significantly expand our dedicated PBV lineup based on a new platform. The lineup of dedicated PBVs will be composed of Micro, Mid, and. 
Large PBVs.
The Mid PBV, scheduled to be released in 2025, will be developed as a mid-size class based on its own skating platform, considering various business responses and scalability such as hailing and delivery. In the future, we plan to develop and commercialize a robot-taxi model capable of autonomous driving.
After Mid PBV, Kia plans to expand to Micro PBV and Large PBV. Micro PBV will lead the unmanned autonomous delivery market by targeting services optimized for small packages delivery such as food and household goods.
Large PBV will further expand business use-cases such as urban logistics and shuttle based on the expanded space compared to Mid PBV. In addition to the basic vehicle of the dedicated PBV, we will expand our lineup with derivative models that diversify the interior and exterior, aiming to become a strong player in the future PBV market.
Product Upgrade and Enhancement of Competitiveness in Solutions and Services | In addition to PBV vehicle development, Kia plans to offer various solutions and services such as PBV-related financial PKG, Fleet. 
Management System (FMS), charging, after sales service, mobility/logistics solutions, vehicle-related solutions such as battery refurbishment from PBV purchase to operation to disposal in order to secure differentiated competitiveness. In particular, the all-in-one display, a special specification of the Kia Niro Plus taxi, is a terminal with integrated functions such as navigation, app meter, and digital tacho graph (DTG), which are essential for taxi sales.
Besides applying these services, we intend to partner with taxi sales-related service providers in relation to call / dispatch and conduct over-the-air software update (OTA) to provide solutions and services that are optimized for the purpose and requirements of customers. Starting with this, we intend to increase the efficiency and productivity of business operations by providing and expanding services and solutions suitable for various customer needs, such as mobility and delivery.
Micro PBV Mid PBV Mid PBV AV Large PBV. 
PBV (Purpose-built Vehicle)
PBV to the Global Market, Incorporates a Customer-oriented Philosophy. Purpose-built Vehicle (PBV), an axis of Kia's future business, are developed based on our customer-oriented philosophy. Based on the skateboard platform, we will provide PBVs suitable for various customer needs, such as mobility and delivery, and offer optimal solutions and services related to this. We aim to achieve our goal of becoming PBV Global No. 1 by strengthen its lineup, launching new models, and continuously expanding solutions.
PBV Strategy | We intend to conduct PBV business based on our accumulated development capabilities in response to the growth of the future mobility market. The B2B market is expected to grow at a significant rate and the business types of mobility and delivery will be further segmented and diversified. Therefore, we intend to establish a customer- participatory PBV development process, and provide solutions and services linked to products which are optimized for customers' business and needs by utilizing Kia's development capabilities and external ecosystem capabilities to respond to the increased demands for B2B and diversification of services.
Management Strategy. 
Establishment of Customer Communication Channel Global Suppliers, Businesses and Individuals/ Small Businesses. 
Operation of the KAM* Organization Supplier Support/ Management Establishment of a Dedicated System. 
Development of derivative/ exclusive PBV lineup Step-by-step market response based on existing vehicles/new platforms. 
Establishment of customer participatory development process Customers directly evaluate vehicles in the development stage/reflect customer opinions. 
Establishment of PBV flexible production system Construction of an Autoland Hwaseongexclusive factory. 
Expansion of external development ecosystem Expansion of Biz use cases linked to the development of special features. 
Establishment of an integrated data platform Strengthening data-driven vehicle/solution/business connectivity. 
Provision of customized packages Solution bundling specialized for business type (finance, vehicle management, charging, A/S, customer-specific solutions, batter solutions, etc.)
Customer Vehicle Production/ Ecosystem Service/ Solution * Key Account Management. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials. 
PBV Niro Plus Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 33. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
MaaS (Mobility as a Service)
New Business Expansion, Builds a Connected Car Service Ecosystem. In response to the rapidly growing demand for switch to EV in Business to Government (B2G) and Business to. 
Business (B2B) under the environmental policies, Kia launched a customized total EV solution called “wible BIZ” last year. A service that combines EV subscription and sharing, wible BIZ allows organizations to subscribe and use electric vehicles during business hours, and individuals use them for commuting or leisure activities during the remaining hours.
Last year, we launched wible BIZ in Hwaseong City and Dongtan High-tech Industrial Complex, taking the lead in creating an eco-friendly mobility ecosystem by reducing 70 tons of carbon dioxide emissions, which is equivalent to the effect of about 10,000 trees. Based on these success stories, we plan to work with Hwaseong City and open the service to the general public together with this year. We are expanding the business by launching the service in new areas such as Gwangmyeong City Hall and Gyeongnam Provincial Office. Furthermore, we have developed a dedicated IT platform used for vehicle reservations and reservation management to efficiently manage the services. We plan to provide more advanced mobility solutions by establishing partnerships with various mobility operators based on the platform built by Hyundai Motor Group.
Integration / centralization / high efficiency of the controller 10 million global connected car subscribers by 2022 / Aiming for All Connected by 2025 for the new car. 
Maintaining up-to-dateness based on infotainment OTA such as navigation, cluster, head up display and sound Reducing S/W recall/campaign response cost and increasing future utility value (VCU, ACU, MDPS, etc. can be updated) through controller OTA update * VCU : Vehicle Control Unit, ACU : Airbag Control Unit, MDPS : Motor Driven Power Steering. 
Establishment of a Connected Car Service Ecosystem for Domestic and Global New business expansion based on Big data. 
Cloud. 
Controller OTA Update. 
New Business Expansion. 
Signed MOU with Hwaseong City for cooperation on eco-friendly future vehicles. 
Connected Car. 
Application screen of Wible Biz. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 34. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Global new space design 'Kia Store'
Kia’s new design standard 'Store Identity (SI) 2.0' for customer contact points has begun full-scale global deployment. 'Kia Store' applied with Kia’s second-generation SI is based on a new CI(Corporate Identity) and brand strategy, reflects a design philosophy 'Opposite United' which refers to creative combination of contrasting elements. The SI 2.0 will be available to overseas markets starting from the Dongtan and Gayang branches in. 
Korea. We are targeting 44% and 90% of global Kia dealers to have this new multi-purpose space set by 2023 and 2026 respectively, with the aim of enhancing communication with the customers in the global market.
Through "Kia Store", a new brand experience space, we are striving to provide customers with a meaningful experience that goes beyond the traditional car purchase experience. By arranging the customer zone and the exhibition zone in contrasting directions, we create a dramatic experience for customers who visit the store.
The refined corners and achromatic colors of the exhibition zone give a minimalistic feel, and the reflection of metal materials and the creation of an open space make the exhibited vehicle stand out more. The contrasting customer zone is designed so that customers can feel the comfort and warmth of home.
The wood-tone interior gives a warm and comfortable feeling that is distinctly differentiated from existing stores, creating an atmosphere like a saloon or living room in a residential space.
Customers who visit the Kia store can experience the vehicle slowly without any disruption. They can experience the vehicle themselves in the exhibition zone, or take a few steps from the exhibited area and sit in a comfortable rest area to observe the vehicle from a distance. Customers who visit the Kia store will go beyond the ordinary vehicle purchase experience and experience a brand where inspiration begins.
Kia Store’s front view An interior expressing 'Opposites United' Customer zone. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials. 
Kia Store Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 35. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Various services for customer satisfaction We have more than 30,000 service professionals under our global network of 5,700 dealers and provide a variety of convenient services. With the goal of delivering zero-defect vehicles to customers, we are operating a mobile- based monitoring system called Global port/dealer PDI Management System (GPMS). We are also committed to improving the customer experience through MyService, which digitizes the entire service process from entry reservations to vehicle inspection, quotation and delivery. We plan to build a smart service center, so that repairs can be carried out in real time when requested by customers facing problems in driving, through the connectivity function. To help customers intuitively understand their vehicles, we developed and distributed the AR Owners. 
Manual, and distributed Kia Customer Visual Guide (KCVG), a PC-based technical information explanation guide, in order to provide information on EVs that meets the customers’ needs for technical information in the electric vehicle era. We also plan to establish a next-generation Customer Relationship Management (CRM) by managing the entire customer experience throughout exploration-purchase-ownership-repurchase process.
We built an EV maintenance workshop and introduced “KEVT (Kia Electric Vehicle Technician level up program),” the first EV maintenance technology certification system in Korea in order to provide a specialized EV maintenance service. In addition, we provide technical information on EVs to mechanics and customers through Kia EV Simulator (KES), a mobile technical information application, so that maintenance details are transparently disclosed to customers.
Usage scenarios by application user & point in time. 
Usual Defective EV warehousing & maintenance. 
Scenarios for using Kia EV Simulator. 
Electric car mechanics. 
Customers of electric vehicles. 
Service managers /dealers. 
Information on failure Improving the transparency of maintenance Improving customer reliability for service. 
Maintenance learning specialized for electric vehicles Maintenance with reference to simulation if necessary. 
Pre-learning for electric vehicle maintenance Reinforcement of capabilities for electric vehicle maintenance. 
Learning how to use an electric vehicle Strengthening your understanding of electric vehicles. 
Pre-learning for electric vehicle maintenance Pre-learning of electric vehicle systems Key content for Kia EV Simulator customers. 
Vehicle assembly simulation Safety and charging simulation Provision of information on E-GMP structure and mileage. 
Electric vehicle FAQ. 
Provision of public information related to electric vehicles. 
Provision of information on customer usability and safety. 
Provision of information on vehicle usage Provision of information on customer needs. 
Establishment of Eco-friendly Service Center Kia is establishing the standard for 'Eco-friendly Service Center'. We plan to conduct a trial run at the domestic. 
Gangseo service center, and establish a final guideline for global establishment. In addition, we plan to provide instructional guidebooks and educational video content for service centers and dealers to disseminate throughout the company.
Production Product·Service Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials Customer Experience


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 36. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
To realize a sustainable world, we are operating social contribution projects centered on the values of "eco- friendly" and "free and safe movement".
Green Travel. 
Green Travel is a representative CSR project in Korea that provides travel opportunities to people with disabilities so they can enjoy traveling through a safe transportation environment. We have electric and manual wheelchairs, and 15 Carnivals with Easy Move. 
System and one Ray which the people with disabilities can drive themselves depending on the degree of disability. Considering that people with disabilities may not be able to easily find travel information, we provide various travel information (cumulative 3,079 in 2021) such as convenience facilities and travel plans for domestic tour sites on the Green Travel website.
Green Light Project, GLP. 
The Green Light Project (GLP) is one of our global. 
CSR projects through which we promote the self- reliance of local communities in underdeveloped countries. For sustainable growth and self-reliance of individuals and society, Kia supports three areas: establishment of a base-type infrastructure, support for mobile infrastructure, and operation of self- reliance support programs. The 2021 Green Light. 
Project focused on the normalization of communities hit by COVID-19. The GLP health center in Panteakwa in Ghana, is a regional base medical center that has built a 24-hour medical environment by reinforcing infrastructure such as the a surgical ward, and improved the quality and accessibility of health services in the community by providing 990 mobile. 
Due to the prolonged COVID-19 in 2021, we provided vehicle/home quarantine services by visiting welfare institutions that are vulnerable to infection as the importance of personal hygiene and health management has been strengthened. In addition, we conducted a non-face-to-face vehicle maintenance support for customers with disabilities who could not visit an auto repair shop. We provided continuous support for the mobility-impaired, signed an agreement with the Korea Airports Corporation, and started the service in the Jeju airport so that more customers can enjoy the benefits through barrier- free tourism. In 2022, we plan to replace old vehicles so that customers with disabilities can use the service more conveniently, and provide "integrated travel solutions" in cooperation with various partners such as railroads, airlines, and lodgings.
Green Travel plans to expand the mobility support for people with disabilities through "dedicated vehicle development" and "smart electric wheelchair service" based on our performance in the mobility support activities for people with disabilities. Kia will be committed to paying attention to CSR projects and fulfilling its social responsibilities in order to create a new and great future for the company.
medical treatments a year. The GLP vocational training center in Gahengeri in Rwanda contributed to improving the self-reliance capabilities of the poor with limited mobility through on-site agriculture training and rental of agricultural machinery.
Since its first launch in 2012, the Green Light Project, which has carried out projects in a total of 12 bases including 8 African countries and 1 Asian country, will seek ways to contribute to the creation of new social values in areas related to eco-friendliness/mobility in the future.
Accumulated number of users from 2012 to 2021 66,813. 
Covered 104 times around the earth Approx.
4.13 million km traveled. 
Self-reliance support project for underdeveloped countries. 
Including 8 African countries and 1Asian country. 
Total 12 bases. 
Panteakwa regional GLP health center, Ghana. 
Production Product·Service Disposal·Recycling R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials Customer Experience. 
Kia Green Travel Introduction Video


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 37. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Waste Vehicle Recovery and Recycling. 
After signing the ‘Voluntary Agreement for Resource Circulation System Advancement of Waste Vehicles’ with the Korean Ministry of Environment in 2021, Kia has established and is operating a recycling system for resource circulation that recycles waste resources for new vehicle manufacturing. We are continuously improving the recycling rate in the process of scrapping vehicles by providing vehicle dismantling manuals to scrap vehicle companies and supporting recycling treatment costs, and we plant to achieve the legal recycling rate of 95% by 2024.
Establishment of Waste Battery Circulation System. 
Kia is establishing an eco-friendly battery cycle system that pursues sustainability through recycling and reuse of waste batteries based on the battery lifecycle. The battery lifecycle consists of an eco-friendly roof, from manufacturing to use, reuse of batteries after use, extraction of materials from finally discarded batteries, and applying the extracted materials to battery manufacturing. Kia launched a formal TFT in 2022 to establish a cooperative system with group companies throughout the battery lifecycle, inspecting front-to-back business and developing advanced technologies.
1 Establishment of collection system 4 Recycling. 
Reuse 2. 
Remanufacturing 3. 
Kia is building a global network and transportation control system to systematically collect and transport used batteries discharged from various places such as junkyards and dealers around the world through Hyundai GLOVIS. Kia plans to work with Hyundai GLOVIS, which is building a dedicated platform and logistics know-how and network that can safely and effectively transport batteries, to complete the link between recovery and front-to-back business throughout the battery lifecycle.
In Kia's battery cycle system, waste batteries that cannot be remanufactured or reused are disassembled and linked to a recycling business that extracts valuable metals such as lithium, cobalt, and nickel. Kia is committed to securing technology that can recycle a large amount of waste batteries to prepare for the mass generation of waste batteries in the future. In addition, Kia intends to creating a virtuous cycle for the battery by securing the initiative in linking the secured raw materials with the battery manufacturing process.
The highest quality waste batteries generated from Kia's battery lifecycle are linked to Hyundai MOBIS' remanufacturing business according to its own classification criteria. Hyundai MOBIS has established a collection system and remanufacturing base utilizing its domestic and global after-sales service parts supply chains to remanufacture the purchased or collected waste batteries into old vehicles and after-sales service batteries, prolonging the lifespan of the batteries.
Kia plans to develop a technology to increase the reuse rate by diagnosing and evaluating the performance and lifespan of the recovered batteries. Batteries with excellent residual performance among used batteries in electric vehicles can be reused as UBESS (Used Battery Energy Storage System).
Waste Battery Circulation System. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D. 
Dismantling Process of Scrapped Vehicles 5 ~ 7 Over 85% of dismantled parts are sorted by material and recycled.
Explosion chambers. 
Liquid retain device. 
Body Rotator 5 Dismantling of exterior parts 6 Dismantling of interior parts 7 Dismantling of engine and transmission 8 Compression 1 Checking vehicle model and specifications 2 Removal of explosive hazardous parts (Airbag, seat pretensioner) 3 Removal of hood, battery and tire 4 Simultaneous recovery of liquids. 
Prevents environmental pollution by recovering more than 90%
Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 38. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Raw material. 
Production process. 
Parts. 
Disposal. 
Mining of raw materials CO2 generation. 
Fuel injection. 
Energy consumption driving. 
CO2 generation. 
Raw Material Production. 
CO2 generation. 
Fuel Charging. 
Energy Consumption Driving. 
WtT (Well-to- Tank)
WtW (Well-to- Wheel)
Recycling. 
TtW (Tank-to-Wheel)
LCA (Life Cycle Assessment)
The business portfolio is diversifying with a focus on eco-friendly businesses due to the industrial transition caused by the COVID-19 and environmental issues such as climate crisis. To this end, Kia conducts the Life Cycle. 
Assessment (LCA), which evaluates environmental impacts throughout the life cycle of an automobile. Kia continues to faithfully conduct ESG activities by value chain for sustainable management, evaluates substances generated during driving, and inspects raw material acquisition and production processes. We conduct the assessment by applying and analyzing vehicle models based on the ISO 14040 (Life cycle assessment - Principles and framework)
Scope of life cycle evaluation * WtW (Well to Wheel) : A method that covers not only the energy consumption but also the energy production process ** WtT (Well to Tank) : A method of observing the emission from mining resources for energy production to delivery of fuel into automobiles *** TtW (Tank to Wheel) : A method that only covers the materials produced during the process of driving, including fuel tank and wheels and ISO 14044 (Life cycle assessment - Requirements and guidelines), and the LCA results are applied to the environmental impact assessment. Furthermore, the degree of environmental impacts in six impact categories including global warming potential, abiotic depletion potential and ozone depletion potential are assessed based on the CML* method. By undergoing so, we can identify environmental impact in the value chain and establish tailored improvement plans for each sector, and these results are analyzed to enhance the eco-friendly production process.
* CML (Centre for Milieukunde, Leiden) : The most widely used methodology for LCA. Developed by the Institute of Environmental Sciences, University of Leiden, Netherlands.
Well. 
Tank. 
Wheel. 
Internal combustion engine Electric Vehicle. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials Disposal·Recycling


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 39. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
LCA results in the pre-manufacturing stage - GWP impact by major parts. 
Comprehensive LCA Results. 
In accordance with the international standard for life cycle assessment, Kia has completed the LCA for the EV6 in 2021, and plans to conduct the assessment to other models. Kia will conduct LCA on Niro hybrid and EV vehicles in 2022 and will continue to expand LCA to other models to improve environmental impact throughout the vehicle's life cycle.
Impact of Global Warming (Carbon emission) by Each Stage of the EV6 Life Cycle. 
The EV6 LCA found that the operation stage (63.9%) - pre-manufacturing stage (28.2%) - assembly stage (6.2%) affects global warming in the entire process. The impact of global warming can be reduced in the operation stage by increasing the use of renewable energy in the power generation process where electricity is produced.
Others (25.5%) : including HVAC system, suspension and steering system, etc.
Batteries (50.9%) Tires (5.8%)
Drive system (6.1%) Structure (11.7%)
Impact of Global Warming (carbon emission) by Life Cycle 46.9. 
Pre-manufacturing stage (28.18%) 0.1. 
Transport stage (0.06%) 10.3. 
Assembly stage (6.17%) 0.1. 
Distribution stage (0.06%) 108.2. 
Operation stage (64.94%) 1.0. 
Disposal and Recycling stage (0.59%) (Unit : g CO2 eq/km)
Overview of Life Cycle Assessment Research. 
Data collection area : Kia AutoLand Hwaseong Functional unit : 200,000 km (10 years) Driving. 
Characterization methodology : CML 2001-Jan. 2016 Assessed impact categories : six including GWP and ADP Software used : GaBi (Ver.10.0.1.92)
Main Specifications (Based on Standard Battery)
Curb vehicle weight : 1,825kg (domestic model) Battery type : Lithium-ion polymer Battery capacity : 58kWh Motor max power : 125kW. 
Driving distance on one charge : 324.8km (combined) Certified energy consumption : 5.6km/kWh (combined) Wheel/Tire : 19 inch. 
GWP* Impact by Life Cycle 28.18% 64.94% 6.17% 0.06% 0.06% 0.59%
Pre-manufacturing stage Transport stage Assembly stage Distribution stage Operation stage. 
Disposal and Recycling stage 166.6 g CO2 eq/km * GWP (Global Warming Potential) Based on Well to Wheel. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience R&D Purchasing·Raw Materials Disposal·Recycling


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 40. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Development Target for Autonomous Driving Technology The development of autonomous driving technology is largely divided into four areas: driving safety, driving convenience, parking safety, and parking convenience. In terms of driving safety, we aim to expand the recognition target to include vehicles, motorcycles, bicycles, and pedestrians, as well as develop the ‘Forward Collision. 
Prevention Assist’ function, which broadens the direction of detection to the front, side, and rear. Mass production is expected to start around 2023.
For driving convenience, we have mass-produced Level 2 ADAS that automatically maintains the distance between cars and allows smooth driving in the right lane on curves. This function is expected to be further developed and enhanced. The ADAS where the vehicle can drive on expressways up to 80 km/h without drivers’ steering input will be mass-produced in 2023, and the maximum speed will be increased to 120 km/h according to the regulatory changes. It will also be upgraded to enable the vehicle to change lanes automatically.
When it comes to parking safety, the technology has provided not only 360-degree angle view, but also the "Surround View Monitor Function" that applies various view modes such as 3D view. The "Rear Parking Collision-
Avoidance Assist," the function that automatically engages the brake if an obstacle is detected by cameras and ultrasonic, is expected to be mass- produced in the second half of 2023 by expanding the sensing range to the front and side, detecting pedestrians as well as obstacles.In terms of parking convenience, we developed a system called "Remote Smart Parking Assist 2," which recognizes parking lines using camera images and detects driving spaces, allowing the vehicle to park accurately and quickly in any environment. Mass-production is expected to begin in 2023.
Autonomous Driving, a Collection of Advanced Technologies. 
Kia aims to lead the way in future mobility, developing Level 0~3 autonomous driving technologies, applying mass- production to various vehicle types, and driving sales around the world. The Level 4~5 technologies are under development through cooperation with global companies. Kia will make every effort to provide customers with safe and convenient autonomous driving solutions.
Autonomous Driving Technology Development Roadmap Autonomous driving vehicles can drive themselves to their destination without the driver’s intervention. They require a wide range of sophisticated and complex advanced technologies. Each technology is called Advanced. 
Driver Assistance System (ADAS), and Kia has developed integrated autonomous driving technology by continuously improving the Level of its application. In 2017, we mass-produced Level 2 ADAS for driving on expressways, and plan to mass-produce Level 3 ADAS around 2023 that can automatically drive up to 80 km/h without the driver’s steering input. After step-by-step application and testing, we are ready to commercialize self- driving cars at the level of autonomous driving in 2021. We plan to launch a pilot service for RoboRide in 2022 and full commercial operation in 2023 or later. In 2030, fully autonomous vehicles will be available to consumers.
Autonomous Driving Technology Development. 
Driving Convenient. 
Driving Safety. 
Parking Safety. 
Parking Convenient. 
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling R&D. 
Development Direction and Roadmap for the Autonomous Driving Technology 2021. 
Highway Driving Assist 2 Navigation-based Smart Cruise Control 2023. 
OTA(Over the Air) upgrade Highway autonomous driving Fully autonomous driving pilot service 2025. 
Expansion of fully autonomous driving pilot service and preparation for commercialization. 
Purchasing·Raw Materials


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 41. 
Kia Management System Sustainability Management System 2045 Carbon Neutrality Declaration Sustainable Design Strategy The Ocean Cleanup Partnership Safety and Environment Management System Sustainable Business. 
Various detections. 
When the sensor detects a person’s high temperature → notifies to the control system. 
When the door inside the factory is opened : check if the door of the hazardous material storage is open → notified to the control system. 
Navigation. 
Autonomous driving of the robot on a specified path. 
Live video. 
Captured by the camera mounted on the robot → transmitted to the control system in real time. 
Remote robot control in the control system. 
Equity Investment for Future Technology. 
Development of Innovative Technology. 
UAM As major cities around the world grow into megacities, social costs, such as increased logistics and transportation costs, and reduced efficiency of residents’ movement are rising as pressing issues. To solve these problems, Kia is promoting the development of an innovative mobility solution called Urban Air Mobility (UAM) through the group-level research and development. UAM is a solution that enables movement in the city through the sky by utilizing a personal air vehicle (PAV) and a Cargo Unmanned Aerial System (UAS). PAV capable of vertical take- off and landing can relieve traffic congestion in the city center, and Cargo UAS can contribute to innovation in urban logistics services as it is used for short-to-medium-distance transportation of medium-sized cargoes that was difficult to carry out with the existing infrastructure. In addition, Kia will create future value by constructing an innovative mobility ecosystem that connects air and ground through the establishment of UAM infrastructure.
Production Product·Service Customer Experience Disposal·Recycling. 
Robotics Robotics technology is applied in various fields. Wearable robots are in the commercialization stage for industrial and medical applications. Industrial robots that ensure safety and increase the work efficiency of workers at production sites, and medical robots used to save lives are representative examples of “Advancement towards. 
Humanity”, one of the group’s visions. The mobility robot is expected to create the greatest synergy with the existing automobile business. It is expected to have great growth opportunities as it can be applied to differentiated service areas through combination with various upper modules as well as last-mile transportation. Artificial intelligence robots have the ability to determine and control themselves, and are expected to be applied to various service fields. Electric vehicle charging robots are expected to be commercialized soon.
Purchasing·Raw Materials. 
Areas of Investment. 
Country and Company Name. 
U.S. Supernal Korea Smart Score Europe IONITY. 
U.S. Factorial SES(Solid Energy Systems)
Korea Kumho Express. 
UK HiiROC Korea FINDA Bank Salad. 
UAM Mobility Electrification Hydrogen FINTECH. 
Factory Safety Service Robot (Autoland Gwangmyeong)
R&D


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 42. 
ESG FACTBOOK. 
Materiality Assessment. 
Management Approach. 
Governance. 
Economy. 
Environmental. 
Social 43 44 45 53 59 74


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 43. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Materiality Assessment. 
Materiality Assessment of Sustainability Management Topics. 
Kia conducts materiality assessment annually to identify sustainability issues that are most important to Kia’s business and stakeholders. Kia’s activities and performances are to be reported transparently, focusing on 9 core topics out of 33 major topics derived through media analysis, industry benchmarking and stakeholder survey.
01. Forming a Pool of Topics. 
We formed a pool of 33 issues that pertain to Kia in terms of sustainability management by analyzing global sustainability management guidelines, industry benchmarking and reflecting industry issues, and reviewing internal issues.
03. Selecting Material Issues. 
By combining the results of stakeholder interest and business impact analysis, 9 core topics were selected according to priorities through a materiality assessment.
Global guideline analysis. 
We reviewed global standards and evaluation items related to sustainability management, such as GRI Standards, UN SDGs, TCFD, and DJSI.
Reflection of industry issues. 
We reviewed the sustainability reports of 10 companies recognized for their excellence in sustainability management in automobile industry, and advanced ESG management and reviewed industry standards related to sustainability management such as SASB. Domestic media analysis. 
We investigated the contents of media reports related to our company from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020, and performed an analysis with a focus on valid articles.
Review of internal issues. 
Internal data such as mid- to long-term strategies and issues related to management’s major directives and interests, such as CEO Investor Day.
External stakeholder survey. 
From March 22 to March 30, 2022, a total of 65 external stakeholders including customers, suppliers, local communities, shareholders/investment institutions, and sustainability management experts were surveyed on the importance of Kia’s sustainability management activities and the impact of the topic was investigated in terms of cost, revenue, risk.
Employee survey. 
Kia conducted a survey on a total of 533 employees from 22 March to 30 March 2022 in order to investigate the importance of our sustainability management activities and the impact of issues in terms of cost, profit, and risk.
02. Conducting a Materiality Assessment. 
Stakeholder Interest Business Impact. 
Materiality Map. 
Business Impact. 
Stakeholder Interest. 
Material Issues 6 Strengthening future technology capabilities 7 Creation and distribution of economic value 9 New business development and diversification 1 Climate change risk management and response 3 Improving resource circulation and resource efficiency 2 Product/service quality and safety management 4 Workplace safety and health 5 Supplier ESG risk inspection and assessment 8 Employee competency development. 
Classifiation Material Issues. 
Economy. 
Environmental. 
Social 1
2 3
4 5
6 7
8 9


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 44. 
Management Approach 6 Strengthening future technology capabilities 7 Creation and distribution of economic value 9 New business development and diversification. 
Delivering safe and unbounded mobility is our top priority. We will focus our resources on the 3 major business areas of Plan S and core technologies including autonomous driving, AI to strengthen our competitiveness and supply the best product quality. In addition, we will create new growth engines by linking our business capabilities to future businesses such as UAM and robotics.
• Sales KRW 69.8 trillion • Sales volume 2,961 thousand vehicles (retail standard) • PBV / MaaS 40~41 54~58 32~33 1 Climate change risk management and response 3 Improving resource circulation and resource efficiency. 
In response to global environmental issues, the ability to respond to climate change has become an essential element for sustainable growth. In addition, risks in terms of supply and demand for raw and subsidiary materials such as instability of supply and demand and price volatility due to the depletion of natural resources are also increasing. Accordingly, Kia is responding to environmental issues by establishing a circular business system.
• 2045 Carbon Neutrality declaration • RE100 signup approval (2022) • EV6 carbon footprint certification (from Carbon Trust) • Signed a partnership with The Ocean Cleanup (2022) 15~19 / 62~66 37~39 2 Product/service quality and safety management. 
Creating the best customer value is the most important goal that Kia pursues. We seek to maximize customer value by preemptively identifying customers' mobility needs through active communication with customers and providing safe products with the highest quality.
• EV6 won the 2022 European Car of the Year (awarded for the first time as a Korean brand) • Ranked 1st in all brands in Vehicle Dependability Survey from J.D.Power (2022) 28~33 / 86 4 Workplace safety and health 8 Employee competency development. 
Employees are at the heart of corporate activities. Kia is creating a safe and healthy working environment under the mission of 'creating safety culture value'. In addition, we are striving to strengthen future business capabilities and foster leaders.
• Received the Minister of Employment and Labor Award from Kia Autoland Hwaseong for 'Safety and Health Cooperation Program' in 2021 20~21 / 78~82 75~77 5 Supplier ESG risk inspection and assessment. 
Suppliers are partners that grow together with Kia. Kia is building a culture of mutual growth in the supply chain and realizing sustainable win-win by complying with relevant laws, such as compliance with purchasing ethics and fair selection of suppliers.
• Conducted supply chain ESG evaluation for tier 1 suppliers (a total of 380 companies) • Supply chain monitoring of key suppliers (1st, 2nd) (62, 20, respectively) 23~26. 
Economy. 
Environmental. 
Social Customer. 
Social Employee. 
Social Supplier. 
Core Issue Issue Group Why It is Important to Kia from a Sustainability Point of View Related Activities and Performances Contribution to Achieve UN SDGs Page. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 45. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Governance. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Kia adheres to transparency, reliability and ethical values, and strives to realize sound corporate governance.
Sustainability Management Committee launched (2021) 6sessions held 2019 2020 2021 95.0 97.2 92.0. 
Board of Director Meeting Attendance Rate (Unit : %) * Average Board of Director Meeting Attendance Rate. 
Board of Committee composition. 
Diversity Enhancement (Appointment of a female independent director for 2 consecutive years) 45


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 46. 
Corporate Governance Charter. 
Kia recognizes that the value of sound corporate governance is the essential condition for building trusting relationships with shareholders and key stakeholders. Kia established the Corporate Governance Charter in 2019 to more clearly disclose to stakeholders the KIA management principles and the basis of corporate governance, such as transparency, reliability, and compliance with ethical values. In July 2021, we revised the Corporate Governance. 
Charter to consider diversity without discrimination, such as nationality, gender, race, religion, ethnicity, etc., when appointing directors, and added criteria for determining independence and limiting concurrent positions when selecting independent directors.
BOD Composition. 
According to an objective director candidate selection process, Kia's board of directors (BOD) maintains independence from major shareholders and management. The BOD helps management make good decisions while overseeing the execution of their work by making decisions on matters stipulated by laws such as the. 
Commercial Act or the articles of incorporation and essential matters related to business execution and receiving reports on information that a director needs to know. The board of directors of Kia consists of 4 executive directors, including the CEO, and 5 independent directors.
Corporate Governance. 
BOD Independence. 
Kia reinforced the independence of Board of Directors by appointing a majority (55.5%) of the BOD as independent directors and appointing chairpersons of all committees within the BOD with independent directors. Independent directors are appointed among candidates recommended by the independent Director Candidate Recommendation. 
Committee under Article 542-8 of the Commercial Act. Independent Director candidates are recommended according to the regulations and fair procedures of the independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee. In addition, independent directors are prohibited from conducting the same type of business as the company without the approval of the Board of Directors. When voting on an agenda with a particular interest, the relevant director is restricted from exercising their voting rights. Persons who have been employed as the company's managing director or who have a major shareholder or significant stake in the company, and executives and employees hired within the past two years are excluded from the selection of candidates for independent directors.
BOD Expertise and Diversity. 
Strategic decisions from the mid-to-long-term perspective of the Board of Directors are continuously required in a rapidly changing business environment. To this end, Kia evaluates the expertise of directors by considering their academic background, industrial experience, and tenure in the industry, prioritizing their understanding of the business and expertise in each career field. The board of directors currently consists of directors with expertise in different areas such as legal affairs, finance/accounting, management, future governance, and future technology.
In addition, we balance standards such as gender, race, ethnicity, nationality, political/cultural background, and experience to promote diversity in the Board of Directors. Kia created an opportunity to enhance diversity further and discuss the Board of Directors agenda from a new perspective with the regular general meeting of shareholders having appointed one female global (US national) female independent director with expertise in future technology on March 29, 2022, and 2 out of 5 independent directors being women, etc. Directors with rich experience and competency in the automobile industry, working in various fields such as academia, government agencies, international organizations, and industry, deliberate on essential matters of the company from various perspectives and objectively and professionally supervise and advise the management.
BOD Composition. 
Classification Name Gender Role within BOD Major career Office term Reappointment. 
Executive Director Eui-Sun Chung. 
Male. 
Board of Directors, Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee, Chairman of Hyundai Motor Company. 
By March,2025 4 times. 
Ho-Sung Song Board of Directors Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee, Sustainability Management Committee. 
Kia CEO 1 time. 
Joon-Young Choi Board of Directors Remuneration Committee Kia CEO/Responsible for domestic production By March,2024 1 time. 
Woo-Jeong Joo Board of Directors Head of Finance Division, Kia By March,2023 1 time. 
Independent Director. 
Chol-Soo Han. 
Male. 
Board of Directors, Sustainability Management Committee, Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee, Remuneration Committee. 
Current) Advisor to Yoon&Yang Law Firm Former) Secretary General of the Fair-Trade Commission. 
By March,2024 1 time. 
Duk-Joong Kim Board of Directors, Audit Committee, Sustainability Management Committee, Remuneration Committee. 
Current) Advisor to Yoon&Yang Law Firm Former) 20th Commissioner of the National Tax Service By March,2023 1 time. 
Dong-One Kim Board of Directors, Audit Committee, Sustainability Management Committee, Outside Director Candidate Recommendation Committee,
Current) Professor, Department of Business Administration, Korea University Former) President of International Association of Labor and Employment Relations 1 time. 
Wha-Sun Jho Female Board of Directors, Audit Committee, Sustainability Management Committee, Outside Director Candidate Recommendation Committee,
Current) Professor of Political Science and International Relations at Yonsei University; Full member, Faculty of Policy Studies, Korea Academy of Science and Technology. 
By March,2024. 
JENNIFER HYUNJONG SHIN (US national)
Female Board of Directors, Sustainability Management Committee, Current) Professor, Department of Mechanical Engineering, KAIST, Advisory Committee Member of National Science and Technology Advisory Council. 
By March,2025 (As of March, 2022)
Outside Director Independence Guidelines* - The independent director should not have served as a full-time executive or non-executive director of the company or affiliated company within the last 5 years. - The immediate family of an independent director should not have been executives of the company or affiliated company for the past 3 years. - The independent director should not be an executive of the company's major customer or supplier. - The independent director should not have had an employment relationship with an external auditor of the company for the past 3 years. - The independent director should not have any interest in other matters decided by the Board of Directors.
* Kia has established the guidelines to enhance the independence of independent directors and considers independent directors independent when all the guidelines are well observed.


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 47. 
Independent Director Training. 
Training date Independent directors’ attendance Main contents of training. 
May 27th ,2021 all 5 Battery JV Plan. 
October 27th, 2021 all 5 Internal Accounting Management System. 
BOD Operation. 
Kia holds regular BOD meetings to approve quarterly financial statements, etc., and temporary board meetings are held frequently. Under Article 32 of the Articles of Incorporation, the chairman convenes a board of directors meeting. The meeting's date, time, place, and agenda are notified to each director 7 days prior to the meeting. In addition, by Article 35 of the Articles of Incorporation, the board of directors' resolution is implemented with the attendance of a majority of directors and the approval of a majority of directors present unless otherwise stipulated by relevant laws and regulations. Under Article 391 of the Commercial Act, if all directors use telecommunication means that transmit and receive voices simultaneously, some of the directors may decide on an agenda without directly attending the meeting.
In addition, independent directors are prohibited from concurrently serving as a director, executive officer, or auditor of two or more other companies besides the company to perform their duties as an independent director faithfully. As of 2021, the average tenure of 9 registered executives of the Board of Directors is 4.8 years. According to Korean commercial law, independent directors cannot hold office for more than six years.
BOD Activities. 
In 2021, a total of 7 board meetings were held to receive reports on the operation status of the internal accounting management system, the details and plans of compliance support activities, and the operation status of fair-trade voluntary compliance. The BOD deliberated and decided on agendas such as the approval of business plans and investment plans for 2021, the convening of the 77th (2020) regular general meeting of shareholders, and the approval of additional agendas.
A total of 31 agendas and reports were submitted to the annual BOD, and the attendance rate of independent directors was 100%.
Committees under the BOD. 
Kia operates subcommittees with expertise to help the Board of Directors faithfully carry out its management and supervision functions as the highest decision-making body. Kia's subcommittees of the BOD are composed of four committees: Audit Committee, Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee, Remuneration. 
Committee, and Sustainability Management Committee.
Kia conducts regular training to strengthen the expertise and risk-related capabilities of independent directors. In 2021, we held two training sessions and all independent directors attended.
Audit Committee Kia's Audit Committee consists of three indepent directors. The committee supervises the legality and adequacy of management's business processes to support the management in making rational business decisions. In 2021, the. 
Audit Committee held a total of 6 meetings to review and decide on the operation status evaluation of the internal accounting management system and the contract with a designated external auditor. The committee also received reports on the financial statements for 2020 and the 1st to 3rd quarters of 2021 and the operation of the internal accounting management system. A total of 11 items and reports were submitted to the Audit Committee, and the attendance rate of the Audit Committee was 100%.
Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee The Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee consists of two executive directors and three independent directors following relevant laws that require that the majority of the committee be composed of independent directors. An independent director serves as the committee's chairperson and has the right to recommend independent director candidates to be appointed at the general shareholders' meeting. When selecting independent directors, the committee submits the 'Certificate of Qualifications for Independent Director. 
Qualifications' to the Korea Exchange, including independence status and legal qualifications. In 2021, the. 
Independent Director Candidate Recommendation Committee recommended candidates with competence and expertise to the 77th (2020) general meeting of shareholders through a fair qualification review.
Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee was established in October 2019 to ensure objectivity and transparency in remuneration for registered directors through deliberation and resolution on the remuneration limit for registered directors and the remuneration system for executive directors.
The main resolutions of the Committee include matters concerning the limit of remuneration for registered directors to be submitted to the general shareholders' meeting and the remuneration system for executive directors. In 2021, two meetings were held to elect the chairman of the Committee and decide on the agenda for the limit of remuneration for directors. A total of two items were submitted to the Remuneration Committee, and the Committee's attendance rate was 100%.
Sustainability Management Committee Kia's Sustainability Management Committee comprises 5 independent directors and 1 executive director. The. 
Committee reviews and decides on transparency in internal transactions and the protection of shareholder rights and deliberates on matters to implement sustainable management.
The Sustainability Management Committee has appointed one member in charge of the protection of shareholder rights through a shareholder recommendation method. The Committee member participates in the Non-Deal. 
Roadshow (NDR) for overseas investors and plays a role in communication with the Board of Directors and shareholders. In 2021, 6 meetings were held to resolve issues such as insider transactions and to receive reports on social contribution activities and donations. A total of 35 items and reports were submitted to the Sustainability. 
Management Committee, and the participation rate of the Sustainability Management Committee was 100%.


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 48. 
BOD evaluation and remuneration. 
Kia introduced and implemented a regular evaluation system for the Board of Directors and committees in 2021.
To maintain the objectivity of the Board of Directors evaluation, Kia limits the evaluation to independent directors and receives their assessments and opinions. In addition, evaluations are conducted anonymously to obtain unbiased and honest opinions from independent directors. We plan to establish improvement plans for the views of independent directors, report the results to the next Board of Directors, and further improve the operation of the. 
Board of Directors.
When evaluating and rewarding the CEO's performance, we reflect the results of comparative evaluations against other companies of the same industry in terms of the share price, market share, and EV market share, as well as financial evaluation results such as sales profit and loss, profit margin, net cash liquidity, and debt ratio.
Remuneration for executive directors is divided into salaries and bonuses according to the internal director remuneration system approved by the Remuneration Committee. The wages of executive directors are paid in installments by comprehensively reflecting job/position, tenure, leadership, expertise, company contribution, and human resource development, based on internal standards within the limit of remuneration for directors determined by the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders. Bonuses for executive directors are paid in consideration of business performance such as sales and operating profit, management performance and contribution, and internal and external business environment, based on the executive remuneration payment standards (performance incentives). Remuneration for independent directors is paid as a fixed remuneration to ensure independence and transparency within the compensation limit for directors determined by the resolution of the general meeting of shareholders, and no separate management performance bonus is paid. The limit of remuneration for directors in 2021 approved at the general shareholders' meeting was KRW 8 billion, and the actual amount paid was KRW 3.3 billion.
For continuous and responsible ESG improvement efforts, Kia operates key management indicators for executives by linking ESG performance. ESG performance consists of ESG evaluation grades and detailed tasks including sales volume of eco-friendly vehicles, quality, environment, and the proportion reflected in the evaluation varies by organization.
Classification CEO Registered director Outside director. 
Audit Committee member Employees. 
CEO to employee remuneration rate. 
Average remuneration per person 1,294 729 84 84 101 12.8 (Unit : million won)
Shareholder value enhancement. 
Kia submitted the audit report two weeks before the regular general meeting of shareholders, to promptly provide information on financial matters to stakeholders such as shareholders and investors. For reference, Article 27 of the Enforcement Decree of the Act on External Audit of Corporations, etc., stipulates that audit reports must be submitted one week before the regular general meeting of shareholders.
In addition, Kia made efforts to provide data for shareholders' decision-making by disclosing its business report to the Financial Supervisory Service one week before the regular general meeting of shareholders and posting it on the IR website to inform shareholders of financial and non-financial matters in detail and promptly under the revision of the Enforcement Decree of the Commercial Act.
Stock Ownership of the Largest Shareholder and Affiliated Parties. 
Item 2019 2020 2021. 
Hyundai Motor 137,318,251 (33.88*) 137,318,251 (33.88) 137,318,251 (33.88)
Chairman Eui-Sun Chung 7,061,331 (1.74) 7,061,331 (1.74) 7,061,331 (1.74)
Share ownership by the CEO and management 28,843 (0.01) 27,758 (0.01) 27,758 (0.01) (Unit : number of shares, %) * Equity ratio to total number of issued shares. 
Shareholder Composition*
Total 100% (405,363,347shares)
Hyundai Motor 33.88(137,318,251shares)
Employee’s stock ownership 1.08(4,383,176shares)
Treasury stock 1.09(4,432,331shares)
National Pension Service 8.24(33,401,012shares)
Foreigners 33.24(134,743,829shares)
Etc 22.47(91,084,748shares) (Unit : %) * As of December 31, 2021


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 49. 
Kia raises awareness of compliance management by providing Compliance training for new hires, promotions, and overseas employees. In particular, we strive to prevent various legal risks that may arise in business performance by providing online Compliance training such as anti-corruption and collusion prevention for all employees once a year. Besides, we introduce the latest compliance issues to our employees by regularly publishing a Compliance newsletter presenting legal issues related to the automobile industry and in-house ethical regulations and a monthly legal report introducing the latest legal revisions and precedents. In 2021, we put more effort into activities to raise awareness of compliance among our leaders through the distribution of a leader Compliance newsletter that provides customized compliance management information for leaders and self-assessment by individual leaders. Further, we are trying to remind our employees of the principles of law-abiding and ethical management through a pledge to practice compliance and ethical management for executives and employees and foster the awareness of compliance of each employee.
Establishment of compliance support system. 
In 2012, Kia formed an organization dedicated to supporting compliance by appointing a Compliance officer and established compliance control standards and implementation guidelines, the basis for compliance support activities. The Compliance officer operates compliance support activities to prevent corporate legal risks and regularly report the details to the Board of directors. The Compliance officer evaluates the effectiveness of the compliance control system through an external expert and reports the results to the Board of Directors once a year. Kia has ensured that the company's compliance management message is spread smoothly to all executives and employees and that employees have a sense of responsibility for compliance management by implementing the Chief Compliance Manager System that conducts compliance control activities of the affiliated department through the appointment of the company-wide team leader designated as the Compliance support officer since 2017.
Kia also helps employees operate various functions such as self-inspection and compliance library in addition to existing functions such as legal advice and contract review by continuously expanding and reorganizing the online compliance support system to support active compliance support activities.
Internalization of Compliance Culture. 
Kia conducts Compliance self-assessments in various areas of law, such as Trade Secrets, Anti-Corruption,
Personal Information, and Fair Trade to enable employees to self-diagnose and prevent legal risks in their work (twice a year by legal area). After the Compliance self-assessments is conducted, we provide support to help the business team voluntarily improve the risks found during the assessment. Also, Kia has produced and distributed. 
Compliance guidelines that contain the main contents of relevant laws and regulations and countermeasures to be aware of when conducting business. As of now, Kia has published about 40 Compliance guidelines at domestic and overseas, including the Fair-Trade Act, the Criminal Act, the Trade Secret Protection Act, the Labor Act, and the Intellectual Property Act. Since then, Kia has continued to publish summary guidelines to increase employee utilization and reflect the latest revisions to the law.
We re-emphasized the importance of compliance management for foreign employees and how to practice compliance management by executives and employees and promote employees' enhancement of compliance capabilities by producing and distributing the English version of the 2020 Compliance Management Handbook, revised and published in 2021.
Compliance Management. 
Fair Trade Compliance. 
Fair Trade Compliance Program (CP) Kia strives to establish and implement a fair-trade culture with the active support of top management. The. 
Voluntary Compliance Program (CP) is an internal compliance system that companies independently operate to comply with fair trade-related laws.
Kia is striving to prevent law violations by organizing and operating an in-house compliance council chaired by a compliance manager. We also report the status check and operational performance through internal supervision to the Board of directors regularly. In addition, Kia provides online and offline training to employees to enhance company-wide consensus on transparent management and encourages the sharing of internal and external fair- trade issues and continuous improvement activities along with the CEO's declaration of willingness to comply with fair trade voluntarily.
Status of compliance self - assessment teams in the areas of anti-corruption. 
Type Period 2019 2020 2021. 
Breach of Trust 1st/2nd half year 68 68 67. 
Anti-bribery 1st/2nd half year 46 51 49 (team)


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 50. 
Classification Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Fair trade training Time 3 3 2. 
People 492 674 449. 
Kia also conducts regular inspections to comply with ethical policies and runs internal audits to review ethical standards and policies. Furthermore, we are strengthening prevention activities by implementing ethical education for all employees and striving to establish a proper corporate culture through transparent and fair ethical management.
Ethics and Compliance Training Status. 
Classification Training type Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Ethics and Compliance Training Number of sessions Offline Time 26 1 3. 
Online Time 2 4 4. 
Sum Time 28 5 7. 
Number of participants Offline People 744 28 65. 
Online People 7,783 7,096 7,043. 
Sum People 8,527 7,118 7,108. 
Reports on Ethical Management Violations and Actions Taken. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of violations of the Code of Ethics 64 60 81. 
Number of violators of the Code of Ethics 106 235 153. 
Actions taken for violations of the Code of Ethics. 
Fire 6 3 8. 
Suspension 43 43 62. 
Payout 18 141 32. 
Reprimand 16 7 27. 
Warning 12 32 19. 
Others (recommended resignation, etc.) 11 9 5. 
Kia strengthens the internal supervision system by sending Fair Exchange information, distributing guidelines and checklists, and conducting regular inspections to all departments belonging to the Voluntary Compliance. 
Council. At the same time, we encourage our employees to voluntarily practice fair trade by signing the pledge to comply with fair trade. Kia provides fair opportunities to its suppliers by introducing the principle of competitive bidding in all transactions. Kia stipulates fair trade principles for competitors, such as the prohibition of unfair trade, collusion, and unfair competition, and discloses them on the PR website. Going forward, Kia will do its best to fulfill its corporate social responsibility in the fair-trade sector by establishing a fair competition order and continuing a culture of transparent business handling.
Fair-Trade Training Kia conducts fair trade education regularly every year. We provide training to members of the Compliance Council on topics such as Fair-Trade Commission policy trends, the Fair-Trade Act, and significant cases. In addition, we distribute a Monthly Fair-Trade Information to spread awareness of fair trade throughout the company so that our employees can understand and practice the precautions related to fair trade.
Ethical Management. 
Kia has revised its ethics charter and code of practice to encourage all employees to cultivate ethical awareness and practice ethical management. We are also practicing ethical management at the group level by disclosing it on the company's ethical management website and the e-book guide. In addition, we have established a system that allows employees to report irregularities and opaque work of stakeholders on the website to establish and realize transparent management. Based on the reporting system, we are taking measures to ensure that unethical acts such as bribery and embezzlement, violation of sexual ethics, and workplace harassment are appropriately punished. Following the whistleblower protection principle, we prevent disadvantages due to statements by guaranteeing the identity and confidentiality of the informant as well. We have also made quick and convenient whistleblowing possible through smartphones and mobile devices while trying to listen to the voices of whistleblowers with disabilities by improving web accessibility. In 2021, a total of 81 cases, including embezzlement of company funds, violation of security work regulations, vandalism, and acts of violence, were investigated and disciplinary actions were taken (dismissal/reduction of wages/suspension/written warning).


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 51. 
Enhancement of ESG risk management function. 
Kia manages company-wide ESG risks by operating the Sustainability Management Committee. Kia holds regular committee meetings to report the implementation status of issues-related tasks and plans. We also enhance our risk management function by reviewing and deciding on major policies concerning ethical management and social contribution. Along with the same, we have prepared a mechanism for practical risk management and performance derivation by reflecting ESG factors (human rights impact assessment, greenhouse gas and waste management, shareholder-friendly policy, etc.) in KPIs by division.
Pay linked to sustainability. 
For sustainable and responsible management, Kia set ESG performance as a main factor of the executive's. 
KPIs(Key Performance Indicators) which affect their compensation. By connecting ESG performance with the evaluation and compensation, Kia motivate itself to make progress with ESG goals. The ESG performance for the KPIs consists of ESG ratings results and detailed issues(eco-friendly vehicles sales, quality and environment management, and so on). The proportion reflected in the evaluation varies by different organization. Based on. 
Korea HQ operating division, and average of 10% is reflected in 2021 KPIs.
Tax Strategy. 
Kia faithfully fulfills its tax obligations and compliance with tax laws at domestic and overseas. Kia implements tax returns that guarantee consistency through decision-making following stipulated internal procedures and collaboration with external tax experts. We conduct tax policy monitoring to check and respond to risks in advance and review and implement tax aspects in all areas, such as trade in goods and services and entry into new businesses. In addition, we manage transfer prices and normal prices by overseas subsidiaries at all times, and prepare and submit BEPS* reports based on OECD guidelines.
* BEPS : Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (tax erosion and income transfer)
Tax Risk Management. 
Kia Operates a specialized organization to thoroughly comply with tax laws and clearly defines responsibilities and tasks related to tax filing and payment. Our tax executives and employees make decisions in accordance with the prescribed internal procedures and implement tax returns that ensure consistency through collaboration with external tax experts.
Kia evaluates and manages tax risks in all business-related areas, such as trade in goods and services and entry into new businesses. For important tax issues, final decisions are made based on advice from external experts, inquiries from tax authorities, or interpretation of authority. Furthermore, for preemptive risk management, we monitor the impact of tax policies on the company, such as the announcement of revised tax laws, new regulations, and precedents, and review and respond to possible risks in advance.
Risk Management. 
Classification Risk definition/description Potential business impact Risk response activities. 
Risk of accidents related to vehicle system hacking. 
With the diversification and advancement of technologies applied in vehicles, such as the introduction of autonomous driving technology, the risk of new accidents due to increased cyber security threats such as system hacking is increasing.
In case of casualties caused by vehicle system hacking, it may lead to a decrease in sales, such as large-scale recalls, compensation for human casualties, loss of brand image and formation of malicious public opinion.
Kia is swiftly responding to the legalization of cybersecurity in the world, starting with Europe, and is operating an incident response process that includes continuous intelligence collection on vehicle system hacking, assessment of the impact on our products, and product improvement. In addition, we systematically identify security threats from the initial stage of development and we are conducting simulated penetration testing on a vehicle level.
Risk of automobile tax reform. 
In accordance with the Paris Climate Agreement at the end of 2020, Korea’s government presented its target for reducing total greenhouse gas emissions by 24.4% from its 2017 level to raise its NDC (Nationally Determined Contribution) by 2030. Accordingly, it is expected that the introduction of an eco-friendly tax system that imposes the current vehicle price and engine displacement based on carbon emissions will be promoted.
In the case of brand models and mid-to-large SUVs which contribute to Kia’s profitability, the amount of carbon emissions is relatively high, so it is expected that the sales impact will be huge when an emission-based tax is imposed.
In order to respond to the risk of changes in market demand due to changes in market demand due to changes in tax policy, Kia plans to focus on improving the fuel efficiency of vehicle models with high carbon emissions and midto-large SUV internal combustion engine vehicle modes.
Managing emerging risks. 
Kia recognizes and identifies various potential risks that may arise in conducting business activities in the automobile industry, and strives to preemptively respond to these risks.


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 52. 
Information Security Risk Management. 
Information Security Organization In line with the recently amended Information and Communications Network Act, Kia appointed executives (executive directors) who concurrently serve as the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and the Chief. 
Personal Information Protection Officer (CPO) as the head of the Information Security Center to manage security risks. Also, Kia has established a company-wide information security organization to carry out company-wide tasks such as sharing the direction of the company's security policies and raising security awareness. The information security organization consists of security officers for each organization and department and shares the latest security-related laws and technology trends through a security officer seminar once a year.
CISO Organization Chart. 
Kia. 
CEO (President)
Management Support Division. 
General Manager. 
Kia Information Protection Center. 
CISO / CPO. 
Information Security Team Personal Information Protection Center. 
Information Security Education Status. 
Classification Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Education session Time 39 37 46. 
Participants People 140,740 146,648 172,225. 
Operation of information security management system Kia operates an information security management system (regulations, procedures, guidelines) based on the 114 control items of the information security management system established by the International Organization for. 
Standardization (ISO). Kia has maintained the certification for 16 years since it first acquired ISO 27001 (Information. 
Security Management System) in 2006. We are continuously improving company-wide information protection activities and the level of security awareness among employees.
To respond to the untact work environment and security threats that started due to the prolonged COVID-19,
Kia strives to raise awareness of information security among our employees, operating various programs such as online security education content development, monthly information management events, security newsletter sending, and malware simulation phishing training. In addition, Kia is constantly preparing for security threats by sharing malicious code e-mails, measures to be taken in case of infection, and security precautions when working from home through Kia's official PR channels.
Security Check Kia conducts monthly self-security inspections by department to internalize the information security awareness of our employees and improve the standard of living security. The company grants awards to excellent departments and security contributors based on the results of these information protection activities once a year.
Personal Information Protection Kia values its customers’ personal information and is doing its best to protect it. Kia is enhancing the customer information protection management system by expanding the information protection center organization to effectively respond to technological security threats that are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Kia emphasizes the importance of protecting customer information by regularly inspecting the systems handling customer information and sending out monthly newsletters in addition to regular security training for employees. We also have our information protection system (ISO 27001) annually verified by a trusted organization while doing our best to prevent personal information accidents and use the data safely.
In addition, Kia sets and operates standards for disciplinary reasons and actions, such as personal information accidents caused by intentional gross negligence and slight negligence, and violations of safety measures.


53 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Economy. 
Kia strives to secure market competitiveness and provide sustainable mobility solutions based on the best marketability and quality.
2019 2020 2021 156,483 210,463 314,764. 
No. of Eco-Friendly Vehicles Sold (Unit: KRW 1 trillion) 2019 2020 2021 58.1 59.2 69.9. 
Sales (Unit: KRW 1 trillion)
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 53


54 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Economic Value Creation & Distribution. 
Despite the global economic downturn due to the prolonged COVID-19, Kia generated economic value totaling. 
KRW 69,160.4 billion.
While maintaining its ratio of distribution to stakeholders in relation to its economic value generated, Kia is also investing to establish a leadership position as a future mobility company.
Economic Value Generated and Distributed. 
Generated economic value* 100% (KRW 69,160.4 billion)
Employees 7.6% (KRW 5,290.3 billion)
Shareholders & Creditors 1.9% (KRW 1,372.7 billion)
Government 2.0% (KRW 1,352.4 billion)
Local communities 0.1% (KRW 21.1 billion)
Kia 5.6% (KRW 3,880.4 billion)
Suppliers 82.8% (KRW 57,243.6 billion)
Added value distribution 17.2% (KRW 11,916.9 billion) * Generated economic value: sales + other income - (other expenses + depreciation expense) ** Local communities: Donation fees (Unit : %)
Distribution of generated added value. 
Employees 44.4%
Kia 32.6 %
Local communities 0.2%
Government 11.3%
Shareholders 10.1. 
Creditors 1.4%


55 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 2020 Plans & Goals. 
Global automobile demand in 2022 is expected to increase by 5.5% year-on-year to 83 million units, but the figure is likely to remain the pre-COVID-19 levels. The Korean market is expected to see a demand growth of 2.2% as supply issues have been somewhat addressed. In the US, demand is expected to grow by 1.3% as demand recovery has slowed down due to monetary tightening policies such as tapering. Meanwhile, in Europe, demand for eco-friendly vehicles is expected to grow by 5.1% thanks to the accelerated expansion of the eco-friendly car market, and in India, demand is expected to grow by 7.3% thanks to the continuous economic boom. Lastly, in. 
China, demand is expected to grow by 7.6% thanks to advance demands as tax benefits for eco-friendly cars come to an end at the end of the year.
2021 Market Review and Analysis. 
In 2021, global automobile demand recorded 78.7 million units, an increase of 8% compared to the previous year thanks to the base effect despite the instability of the semiconductor supply throughout the year. Kia achieved a global market share of 3.8% by selling 2.78 million units in wholesale and 2.96 million units in retail. In particular,
Kia expanded its market share in major markets including Korea, the United States, and Europe thanks to the successful launch of new models such as K8, Sportage, and EV6, and strong sales of major models such as. 
Telluride, Sorento, and Carnival.Major achievements in 2021 include: we actively responded to customers’ demand by manufacturing 26.64 million units of vehicles, which is up by 6.4% compared to the previous year through flexible production management despite the semiconductor supply shortage, and sold a total of 314,764 units of. 
EVs, a 50% increase over the previous year, securing the foundation for a leading electrification brand. In 2021, Kia increased its status by being recognized for its excellent product quality for various models. The EV6 was listed as the "2022 European Car of the Year" for the first time as a Korean car brand, and the EV6 and Carnival awarded awards in the Transport Design category in at the "2021 Good Design Awards".
Sales Volume (In retail) 2019 2020 2021 2,869 2,662 2,961 (Unit : 1,000 vehicles)
Sales of Eco-friendly Vehicle (In retail) 2019 2020 2021 156,520 210,463 314,764 (Unit : vehicle)
Sales Volume Ratio by Market (2021) (Unit : %)
Sales Volume Ratio by Market. 
Korea 30.2. 
Others 7.4. 
Europe 28.4. 
North America 34.1


56 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Performance and Plans by Region. 
Korea Kia successfully launched its flagship models, Sorento and Carnival, in 2021, and recorded the highest sales in. 
Korea since its foundation last year. In addition, we secured competitiveness by proactively responding to the increase in customer demand caused by the launch of new cars and the reduction of individual consumption tax.
The Korean market is expected to see demand of 1.76 million units, an increase of 2.2% compared to the previous year. Kia will achieve its sales target of 562,000 units by maintaining the momentum from the successful launch of Niro and sales of its flagship SUVs. We will establish ourselves as an EV brand through the launch of the high- performance EV6 GT, and continue to focus on future businesses by launching an EV exclusive taxi model with. 
Niro Plus.
U.S. In 2021, despite supply shortages in the U.S. market, we hit an all-time high of 701,000 units in retail sales and 4.7% in market share. As a result, local inventories have fallen to their lowest levels.
In 2022, we plan to achieve 15% of sales of eco-friendly vehicles by early normalizing dealer inventory by maximizing wholesale, strengthening sales momentum of SUVs such as Tellurite, Sorento, and Sportage, and successfully launching EV6.
Based on this gradual demand growth, Kia has established its 2021 global business plan of selling 3.15 million units in wholesale, 3.12 million units in retail, and achieving a market share of 3.8%. Strategies to achieve these targets include optimizing production operation of each plant, successfully launching new cars, enhancing competitiveness for electrification, and strengthening global brand image. In 2022, we plan to launch a total of two new models, two derivative models, and five new models with improved marketability. Starting with the new Niro launched in Korea in January, Kia India launched a new model, Carens , in February. In May, Niro Plus, a derivative PBV, was launched, and a high-performance EV6 GT model will be launched in the second half of the year.
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles)
Market Share (%)
Domestic Sales Volume (In retail)
R&D and Facility Investment (Unit : KRW 100 million)
Facility & equipment investment. 
R&D expenses. 
Total. 
Sales Volume in the U.S. (In retail)
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles)
Market Share (%) 38,749 2019 21,067 17,682 33,428 2020 16,698 16,730 32,674 2021 13,955 18,719 2019 615 2020 586 2021 701 2022(Plan) 690 3.6 4.0 4.7 2019 520 2020 552 2021 535 2022(Plan) 562 29.2 29.9 31.7


57 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Europe As a result of leading the sales of electrified vehicles in line with Europe's strong environmental regulations, we are expected to meet fuel efficiency regulations in 2022 as well as in 2021. In 2022, the proportion of eco-friendly car sales is expected to account for 36%, and as the EV6 is sold in earnest and the new Niro is launched, it is expected that our image as an innovative electric vehicle brand will be further strengthened.
China We will increase organizational efficiency by reorganizing the joint venture structure into two companies, and improve our brand image by utilizing brand relaunch. We plan to strengthen product competitiveness by promptly launching successful global new cars such as Sportage, and change the perception of local customers by providing products with connectivity and safety specifications.
Kia's Sales Growth in Major European Countries (In retail) (Unit : 1,000 vehicles)
UK 71 91. 
Germany 62 65. 
Spain 46 55. 
Italy 34 44. 
France 39 45 * The market growth rate and sales growth rate data refer to the rate of change in the first quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2021 2020 2021. 
Market Growth*
Sales Growth* +57.4% +24.6% +26.1% -5.4% +3.2% -17.3% -24.4% -11.6% -4.6% -1.9%
Sales Volume in China (In retail)
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles)
Market Share (%) 2019 296 2020 224 2021 154 2022(Plan) 185 * Market share in wholesale 1.2 1.2 0.6. 
Sales Volume in Western Europe (In retail)
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles)
Market Share (%) 2019 503 3.2 2020 417 3.5 2021 503 4.3 2022(Plan) 520


58 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
India In 2022, automobile demand in the Indian market is expected to increase by 7.3% to 3.4 million units. Kia is targeting retail sales of 241,000 units, an increase of 32%, and market share of 7.2%, an increase of 1.4%. Carens, which was newly launched in February, is receiving great attention from Indian customers thanks to its excellent marketability, so it is expected that we will be able to achieve that goal.
General We combined the sales in Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, Russia, and Eastern Europe, excluding. 
China and India. In 2021, sales increased by 19.1% compared to the previous year due to the low base effect from. 
COVID-19 in 2020.
Sales Volume in General Areas (In retail)
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles) 2019 889 2020 743 2021 885 2022(Plan) 922. 
Sales Volume in India (In retail)
No. of Vehicles Sold (1,000 vehicles)
Market Share (%) 2019 45 2020 140 2021 183 2022(Plan) 241 * Market share in wholesale 1.5 5.8 5.8 7.2


59 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Environmental. 
Recognizing the importance of environmental issues facing humankind, Kia strives to minimize environmental impacts throughout the value chain, from production to disposal.
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 2045 Carbon Neutrality declaration. 
Signed up for RE100 2019 2019 121.06 122.84 2020 2020 114.02 93.43. 
Average CO2 emissions from products sold in Europe (Unit : g/km) N1* M1** * Vehicles used for the carriage of goods and having a maximum mass not exceeding 3.5 tonnes ** Vehicles used for carriage of passengers, comprising not more than eight seats in addition to the driver’s(= 9) 137.91 107.00 2021 2021. 
CDP Korea Award. 
Water A. 
Climate Change A- 59. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social


60 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Environmental Management System. 
Kia has set and managed the four safety and environment management policies, such as compliance with safety and environment-related laws, minimization of safety environment risks and environmental pollution emissions, formation of organizational culture with internalized safety, etc., to create a corporate culture centered on people and the environment. We are making every effort to establish an advanced safety and environmental culture to achieve the mid-to-long-term goal of installing an autonomous safe environment management system by 2025.
Kia has set a new goal of establishing a global top-level safe environment culture and is working hard to establish safety and environment-oriented workplace.
As of now, our domestic business sites maintain integrated certifications of the ISO 45001 (Safety and Health. 
Management System) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System), and we plan to expand the scope of certification to all overseas business sites in 2022.
Kia has completed the acquisition of integrated safety, health and environmental system certification for 3 domestic and 4 overseas Autolands out of 8 Autolands. By 2022, Kia plans to unify the safety , health and environment management system standards by acquiring the ISO certification in Kia Autoland Georgia.
Environmental Investment and Certification. 
Kia establishes and implements investment plans to prevent environmental issues and mitigate climate change risks on an annual basis. Based on the environmental investment system, we classify investment costs by type and organize budgets accordingly. We invested about KRW 12 billion in environmental investment in 2021 and plan to invest KRW 12.4 billion in 2022. In addition, Kia diagnoses the level of environmental management implementation through internal and external certification body audits every year and takes measures to improve vulnerabilities.
Since 2016, we have been trying to develop the competency of people in charge of environmental work through expert educational institutions and in-house training courses.
Environmental Management Cost. 
Kia spent about 19.5 billion won on environmental management in 2021. We used the amount in various fields, such as improving and maintaining the working environment, environmental education and assessment, waste treatment, compliance with environmental laws and accident prevention.
Environmental Management. 
Environmental Investment Status. 
Environmental investment cost Unit 2019 2020 2021 performance thousand won 6,257,187 4,109,156 12,081,759 plan thousand won 4,205,000 4,002,900 12,135,500 investment execution rate % 148.8 102.7 99.6 21,321,869 19,348,877 16,628,136. 
Direct cost to reduce environmental loads (work environment improvement and maintenance cost)
Indirect costs to reduce environmental loads (environmental education for employees and environmental review costs) 1,787 11,780,841 2,044,529 5,521,720 8,160 8,125,271 2,256,565 6,238,141. 
Waste treatment and recycling (waste treatment cost)
Environmental risk management expenses (environmental regulations compliance and accident prevention management expenses) 7,280 14,916,020 1,070,925 5,327,644 2019 2020 2021 (Unit : thousand won)
Kia Strives to comply with environmental laws and regulations, and there has been no significant violation of environmental laws and regulations over the past four years and the amount of violations of environmental laws and regulations.


61 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Class. 
Dimension (mm)
Maximum output. 
CO2 emissions***
CO2 emissions considering operating life (based on 200,000km)
Issuance of Green Bonds. 
Kia strives to realize its social responsibility through eco-friendly business by issuing its first green bonds in 2021.
Kia issued KRW 300 billion worth of KRW debentures in March and issued foreign currency debentures (global bonds) worth a total of $14 USD($700 million each) twice in April 2021 and February 2022. The bond financing was fully invested in R&D and facility investment for eco-friendly vehicles in connection with Kia's Plan S strategy.
In particular, we have attracted high investment participation from green bond funds, satisfying all of the 'Zero. 
Emission' emission standards recognized by global environmental organizations* by limiting the use of funds for EV vehicles.
* EU Taxonomy, Climate Bond Initiative (CBI), International Energy Agency’s 2 Degree Scenario (IEA2DS)
Overview of issuance of green bonds (domestic/global)
KRW 300 billion USD 700,000,000 USD 700,000,000. 
AA (Korea Investors Service), AA (Korea Ratings Corporation) Baa1(Moody’s), BBB+ (S&P) Baa1 (Moody's), BBB+ (S&P)
March 3, 2021 April 16, 2021 February 14, 2022. 
March 3, 2024 (3 years), March 3, 2026 (5 years), March 3, 2028 (7 years)
April 16, 2024 (3 years), October 16, 2026 (5.5 years) February 14, 2025 (3 years), February 14, 2027 (5 years) 1.303% (3 years), 1.714% (5 years), 1.955% (7 years) 1.000% (3 years), 1.750% (5.5 years) 2.375% (3 years), 2.750% (5 years)
Domestic Global. 
Issuance scale. 
Credit rating. 
Issuance date. 
Due date (Maturity)
Issuance rate. 
Overview of Green Bond Issuance Fund Project. 
The EV6, Kia’s first electric vehicle model, was launched in July 2021 and is a next-generation electric vehicle produced with an electric vehicle platform. Starting with the launch of the EV6, Kia plans to build a full line-up of 14. 
EV models by 2027. By raising funds for the issuance of green bonds, Kia has invested in the production of electric vehicle models and related R&D, and sold a total of 11,023 EV6 units in Korea in 2021. Compared to the Sportage, an internal combustion engine vehicle of the same class, EV6 has the effect of reducing carbon emissions by about 27.8 tCO2eq per unit.
EV6*
Crossover SUV 4,680 x 1,880 x 1,550 125 kW / 170 ps 0 g/km 0 tCO2eq * Based on 2WD 19” Wheel model ** Based on 1.6L Turbo Petrol 2WD 19” Wheel model *** Based on Tank to Wheel. 
Impact of Green Bond Issuance Fund Input Project. 
Sportage**
Crossover SUV 4,660 x 1,865 x 1,660 180 ps / 5,500 rpm 139 g/km 27.8 tCO2eq * Reference : Kia Green Bond Annual Report. 
EV6 – Sportage Carbon Emission Comparison


62 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures. 
With extreme weather events occurring more frequently due to global warming in recent years, there has been increased awareness of the seriousness of climate change. The international community adopted the Paris. 
Agreement in 2015 to tackle climate change and promised to hold the increase in the global average temperature to below 2°C above pre-industrial levels. Under these circumstances, in 2015, the Financial Stability Board (FSB), an international financial organization, launched the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to demand that companies disclose climate-related information. Then, in 2017, the TCFD presented recommendations on the key elements of disclosures so that the information could be communicated by companies worldwide according to a consistent standard. The TCFD recommendations require transparent disclosure of information in four areas: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets related to climate change. Kia declared 2045 carbon neutrality in November 2021 and signed up for RE100 in April 2022 to respond to climate change.
Governance. 
Board-level supervision of climate change risks and opportunities Kia launched the Sustainability Committee under the Board of Directors through the amendment of the articles of incorporation in March 2021. Kia has enhanced its deliberative function on major environmental issues such as climate change response strategies. Kia reports its performance of company-wide carbon neutrality promotion once a year through the Sustainability Management Committee under the BOD. The Board of Directors decides a final approval related to climate change, and the CEO takes the final responsibility.
The role of management in assessing and managing climate change-related risks and opportunities Kia grants responsibility and authority for managing and supervising climate change issues and implementing relevant tasks to the head of the Chief Strategy Officer (CSO). The Corporate Strategy Office runs the Carbon. 
Neutral Council. We are setting responsible organizations by operating divisions such as supply, production, logistics, use, disposal, offset, etc., and a consultative body for each task to establish our climate change response while reviewing quarterly issues and drawing up improvement needs.
Strategy. 
Short-, medium- and long-term risks and opportunities related to climate change Kia has established countermeasures to mitigate each risk by identifying risks and opportunities caused by climate change and comprehensively analyzing risk factors and their impact on business.
TCFD Report. 
TCFD recommendations. 
Governance. 
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities. Strategy. 
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.
Risk Management. 
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks. 
Metrics and Targets. 
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
TCFD timeline. 
December, 2015. 
Launch of the TCFD. 
June, 2017. 
Announcement of the TCFD recommendations. 
December, 2020. 
Kia declaring support for the TCFD. 
March, 2021. 
Kia’s first disclosure in response to the TCFD recommendations. 
November, 2021 2045 Carbon Neutrality declaration. 
April, 2022. 
RE100 membership


63 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Category Main content Kia’s response. 
Policy The increased cost of purchasing emission permits due to the increase in carbon emissions and the price of emission permits. 
Kia plans to predict carbon emissions by significant energy sources and set target emissions through the Global Energy-Greenhouse gas Management System (GEMS) already installed in its domestic factories to preemptively respond to increasing financial burdens such as strengthening regulations on carbon credits and purchasing carbon credits.
Kia will also strive to minimize its financial burden and create the benefits of emission rights through reduction by proactively taking various reduction measures, development/ application of new energy-saving technology, renewable energy conversion, and self-generation, such as solar power.
Technology R&D cost increase due to technology development to respond to climate change, such as reducing greenhouse gas emissions, expanding new and renewable energy, etc.
In order to present the optimal reduction solution considering the characteristics of each area such as painting, PT factory, press/body/design, etc., Kia has been establishing a roadmap for core reduction technology development and specific action plans since 2022. Representatively, we are reviewing various technologies such as solar power installation of AutoLand Hwaseong, hydrogen fuel technology development, and smart grid construction, to name a few. We also plan to secure a strategic investment budget based on the completed plan and expand R&D investment.
Market The weakening competitiveness of internal combustion vehicles due to the spread of eco- friendly consumption trends. 
Recognizing the spread of eco-friendly consumption trends as a key future strategy for the company, Kia has established mid-to-long-term goals until 2030.
1) To achieve global sales of 4 million units based on increased sales of eco-friendly vehicles - To increase the proportion of eco-friendly cars from 17% in 2022 to 52% in 2030 to change to a sales structure centered on eco-friendly cars - To increase the proportion of eco-friendly vehicle sales to 78% by 2030 in major markets with strong environmental regulations and preference for electric vehicles, such as. 
Korea, North America, Europe, and China.
2) EV acceleration strategy: expand EVs to 14 types by 2027 and sell 1.2 million EVs by 2030 - Electric vehicle sales target: 807,000 units by 2026, 1.2 million units by 2030 - Reorganization of electric vehicle production bases: To establish local electric vehicle production systems in the United States, Europe, China, and India other than in Korea. 
Reputation Corporate value decline and response costs increase when failing to meet the expectations of stakeholders who recognize the importance of responding to climate change and disclosure of related information. 
Kia is being asked to transparently disclose its policies and response capabilities related to climate change from various stakeholders, which is directly related to the company's reputation (brand image). Non-financial information such as CDP and DJSI is used as a significant measure of the company's investment value, like financial information.
With the recent growth of Social Responsible Investment (SRI), Kia recognizes the need to implement business management activities from a more long-term and proactive perspective by considering not only financial factors but also non-financial factors that affect the company's sustainability, such as ESG factors. Accordingly, Kia joined the CDP in 2018 and continuously disclosed its climate change information. In the future, Kia will transparently disclose its climate change information, one of the non-financial factors to endeavor to respond appropriately to the level of demands of our stakeholders.
Transition Risk Factor. 
Risks and Opportunities Related to Climate Change


64 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Category Main Content Kia's response. 
Risk Acute hazard Damage to production facilities and restoration cost due to large-scale disasters. 
Kia has established a pre-preparation system in case physical hazards such as floods and typhoons occur. In fact, flooding occurred in AutoLand Gwangju due to torrential rains in 2020, halting the Kia line operation, and 1,189 vehicles suffered flood damage. As such, physical damage is likely to occur in the future and, thus, considered a core risk. Kia has been identifying and managing possible risks in a disaster through its regular facility inspection/repair and comprehensive safety management while making an emergency response manual.
Chronic hazard Decline in market share due to delayed development of low- carbon technology and eco-friendly vehicles. 
On July 14, 2021, the European Commission (EU) announced ‘Fit for 55’ to reduce the EU’s net greenhouse gas emissions by at least 55% compared to 1990 by 2030 and set a goal to end the era of internal combustion engines by 2035. In detail, the newly adopted automobile emission standards require new vehicles to reduce CO2 emissions by 55% by 2030 and 100% by 2035. Also, in the United States, the stricter standard has been confirmed to increase the fuel efficiency standard for automobiles by 5 to 10% annually from 2023 to reach an average of 55 miles per gallon by 2025. Kia faces a risk of losing the entire market if it fails fully convert to low-carbon technology for hydrogen/electric vehicles because the company has a lineup of vehicles centered on internal combustion engines.
Accordingly, Kia is actively developing eco-friendly vehicle technology in preparation for the tightened fuel economy regulations by continuously improving the mix of eco-friendly vehicles.
Opportunity Eco- friendly business creation. 
Flagshiping the field of eco-friendly mobility solutions through eco- friendly technology development and innovation. 
Kia has established a Plan S strategy for low-carbon technology transition and is operating its business. Kia's electric vehicle is expected to have the best-in-class mileage, driving performance, and space convenience on a single charge, with Hyundai Motor Group's EV-only platform E-GMP technology applied, and likely to have strong commercial values as advanced technologies, including autonomous driving technology, are applied preemptively. In addition, Kia will develop differentiated products by mobilizing company-wide capabilities, focusing on connectivity service, autonomous driving technology, performance (performance), and design as core product qualities to lead the future mobility market. To this end, Kia plans to build a car cloud to secure 10 million user data by 2022 and is developing an integrated controller that centrally controls all vehicle functions. Furthermore, Kia will also spur the development of new business opportunities in various mobility service areas, such as car-sharing, car-hailing, and delivery services, based on software and connectivity services. Regarding autonomous driving, Kia branded its own specialized autonomous driving technology to name it 'AutoMode.' Kia plans to apply more advanced 'auto mode' such as HDP to the EV9 in 2023, which does not require driver intervention on highway sections. Kia's Auto Mode will support performance optimization through an over-the- air update, HDP that does not require driver intervention on highway sections, Autonomous lane change, and Navigation-linked smart cruise control based on high-precision maps beyond Highway Assistant Driving (HAD) to implement autonomous driving in the future as well fully. By 2026, Kia intends to increase the application rate of 'auto mode' autonomous driving technology to 100% of new cars sold in major markets such as Korea, North America, and Europe, and more than 80% of all vehicles. Besides this, Kia plans to focus on securing high performance and differentiated design. After the launch of the EV6 GT, a high- performance electric vehicle this year, Kia will develop a high-performance GT model optimized for all-electric cars by vehicle type in the future.
Physical Risk Factor and Opportunity


65 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Impact of climate change risks and opportunities on business, strategic and financial planning As its eco-friendly policy, Kia considers establishing and operating an eco-friendly production process that reduces the emission of greenhouse gases and environmental pollutants through its eco-friendly lifecycle management system for the entire process from product design to disposal. Kia intends to increase the use of eco-friendly energy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions but faces many restrictions on purchasing eco-friendly energy due to domestic circumstances. Therefore, we first analyze the constraints and seek ways to switch to eco-friendly energy to implement RE100 through eco-friendly energy. First, we reviewed installing solar power in domestic factories for direct investment and are trying to find ways to expand it to the entire company in the future through a pilot project targeting the shipping center. We are also looking for ways to convert to low-carbon energy by purchasing eco-friendly energy and purchasing 100% of the electricity used in Slovakia as eco-friendly energy from renewable energy. Also, in the case of Korea, we plan to buy electricity from fossil fuels other than low-carbon electricity converted through direct investment as the Ministry of Industry is currently promoting K-RE100.
Kia joined the RE100 membership in April 2022. Kia plans to review its direct and indirect investment in renewable energy to convert all its electricity to renewable energy to implement RE100 in the future.
It can be advantageous for attracting investment from investment institutions friendly to ESG companies, and it is highly likely that Kia will occupy an advantageous position to attract investment. Also, the positive effect of eco- friendly car brands among consumers is expected to impact our eco-friendly car sales growth positively. The impact on investment and sales will increase the value of the company's fixed assets, which will, in turn, increase the stock price as well.
Necessity of management strategy considering various climate change-related scenarios, such as scenarios below 2˚C In order to predict and manage plant GHG emissions and future emissions, Kia introduced GEMS (Global Energy - Greenhouse gas Management System). Based on the forecasts derived from this system, improvements and investments are made to reduce greenhouse gas and are considered when establishing business strategy goals. In order to achieve carbon neutrality in 2045, Kia has implemented a sustainable energy strategy. We aim to achieve 100% conversion to eco-friendly energy overseas by 2030 and domestic by 2040. In addition, we plan to expand. 
PPA (Power Purchase Agreement), REC (Renewable Energy Supply Certificate) and solar energy.
10% reduction in carbon emissions in the supply chain and establishment of a management system. 
Re-examination of carbon neutrality achievement status and establishment of reinforcement goals. 
Achieving 90% carbon neutrality in the supply chain. 
Solar installation, RE100 achievement in overseas, 100% electrification of business vehicles. 
Achieving RE100 in domestic business sites Use of eco-friendly energy (including hydrogen)
Achieving 100% of eco-friendly transportation through step-by-step transition to eco-friendly ships (ocean, land)
Achieving 30% of global electrification Achieving 100% of electrification in four major markets Achieving 100% of global electrification 20% of recycled plastic usage rate, establishment of resource circulation system. 
Achieving 100% recycling rate of scrapped vehicle based on nextgeneration resource circulation system. 
Achieving a 3% reduction in residual stock through a separate offset program. 
Supply. 
Production. 
Logistics. 
Use. 
Disposal. 
Offset. 
Key Milestones for Carbon Neutrality 2019 2030 2040 2045


66 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Risk Management. 
Climate change-related risk identification and assessment process Kia plans to identify and manage climate change risks and opportunity issues that may arise in the entire value chain through the Carbon Neutrality Council, a company-wide panel of pending cases.
Kia managed its climate change risks through the ESG council until 2021. However, we plan to separate climate crisis risk into a separate agenda and manage it through a carbon neutrality council as a carbon neutrality team has been established in 2022. We will make decisions on matters judged to be core issues through reports to the. 
CEO and the Board of Directors.The risk identification and management process proceed as follows.
Indicators and Reduction Targets. 
Indicators used by the organization to assess climate change-related risks and opportunities following its business strategy and risk management procedures Kia uses indicators such as the number of global automobile production/sales and the number of parts supply disruptions due to natural disasters to measure its climate change-related risks and opportunities. Kia evaluates risks and opportunities through these indicators and considers its business strategies and investment directions.
Goals used by organizations to manage climate change-related risks and opportunities and performance against them Kia set a target of a 17.4% reduction to 2016 by 2025 and a 39.9% reduction to 2016 by 2040 on an absolute basis regarding Scope 1 and 2 to actively reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Kia is well on its reduction targets, with its 2021 global total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1,2) being 1,139 thousand tons of CO2eq, 140,000 tons of. 
CO2eq less than 2016’s.
1. 
Identification of significant risks through countryspecific policy trends and company status analysis 2. 
Consultation with related sectors (reviewing countermeasures for improvement tasks by sector, etc.) 3. 
Establishment and implementation of short-term/midlong-term countermeasures 4 Inspection of regular response results through the council. 
Procedures for managing climate change-related risks The process of managing risk and making decisions proceeds as follows.
Reviewing current issues and discussing improvement needs. 
Consultative body for each division/task (quarterly)
Carbon Neutrality Council (2 times/year)
CEO Report (twice/year)
Board of Director's report (once/year)
Sharing the progress of tasks by division/checking the performance. 
Decision-making at the management level on major issues. 
Company-wide carbon neutrality promotion performance report. 
How the processes of identifying, assessing, and managing climate change-related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk management framework. Kia includes ESG factors in KPIs or strategic tasks of relevant departments to ensure that risks related to climate change, such as greenhouse gas emission management and environmental impact assessment, are integrated into the organization's risk management system.
Scope 1,2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions and related risks (Unit : Thousand tCO2eq)
Domestic Global. 
Scope 3 emissions for 2021 will be disclosed later.
* Domestic : Autoland and other sectors including headquarters, Overseas : Autoland ** Scope 1 : Direct greenhouse gas emissions from energy combustion, industrial processes, etc *** Scope 2 : Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from energy use, e.g., electricity and steam **** Scope 3 : Indirect greenhouse gas emissions excluding energy 260.5 104.7 303.8 470.2. 
Scope 1. 
Scope 2. 
Total 730.6 408.5


67 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Domestic and Foreign Energy Consumption and Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
For the first time in the automobile industry, Kia operates a company-wide Energy & Greenhouse Gas Management. 
System (GEMS) that monitors the energy of all AutoLand and other sectors, including the headquarters, in real-time at domestic and overseas. Also, Kia registers and manages energy-saving items discovered by all departments, such as introducing high-efficiency facilities and production optimization measures by building the K-CUBE system.
We share goal implementation and performance through the Greenhouse Gas Consultative Body at the workplace and respond to related issues (risks) company-wide through an internal review. In addition, Kia is setting and implementing a mid-to-long-term carbon-neutral strategy to respond to risks related to global decarbonization and climate change. Furthermore, Kia is making improvements and investments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions based on forecasts for future emissions, which is considered when establishing business strategy goals.
Minimizing Environmental Impact 15.0 14.1 14.9 2019 2020 2021 14.5 13.6 14.4 0.5 0.5 0.5 * Energy consumption in all Autoland and other sectors including the head office at domestic and overseas ** Autoland sector: Autoland Gwangmyeong, Hwaseong, Gwangju / Other sectors: Head office, service center, sales designation, shipping office, Osan Training Center, Pyeongtaek Port, Vision Square. 
Total domestic energy consumption (Unit: Thousand TJ)
Autoland. 
Others. 
Total. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions In 2021, the total greenhouse gas emissions of all AutoLand services, sales branches, shipping offices, and training centers in Korea were 730,000 tons. Of these, direct greenhouse gas emissions from fuel use (Scope 1) were 260,000 tons, and indirect greenhouse gas emissions from electricity use (Scope 2) were 470,000 tons. Among domestic business sites, AutoLand Gwangmyeong, Hwaseong, and Gwangju emitted 710,000 tons of greenhouse gas, an increase of 30,000 tons from the previous year.
Energy Consumption. 
Indicator Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Non-renewable energy Domestic Fuel TJ 5,028 4,777 5,112. 
Electricity TJ 9,966 9,316 9,824. 
Total TJ 14,994 14,093 14,936. 
Overseas Fuel TJ 2,250 2,106 2,120. 
Electricity TJ 2,104 1,931 1,993. 
Total TJ 4,354 4,037 4,113. 
Total TJ 19,348 18,130 19,049. 
MWh 3,644,330 3,418,669 3,585,908. 
Renewable energy Overseas Electricity TJ 510 420 503. 
MWh 141,662 116,529 139,654. 
Sum TJ 19,858 18,549 19,551. 
MWh 3,785,992 3,535,198 3,725,562. 
Total greenhouse gas emissions (domestic & overseas)
Scope 1. 
Scope 2. 
Total (Unit: Thousand tCO2eq) * Greenhouse gas emissions from all Autoland and other sectors including the head office 2019 2020 2021 741.7 257.6 484.0 465.5 354.4 111.1 697.9 245.4 452.5 446.9 333.3 113.6 408.5 104.7 303.8 730.6 260.5 470.2. 
Domestic Overseas 1,207.1. 
Domestic Overseas 1,144.8. 
Domestic Overseas 1,139.1


68 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Efforts to Reduce Other Indirect Greenhouse Gas Emissions. 
Kia is reducing the direct source of greenhouse gas emissions by introducing energy-efficient facilities and optimizing production. Since 2019, we have been striving to manage indirect emissions from corporate activities through third-party verification in the Scope 3* field. Kia implemented the 'employee electric vehicle test drive program' to use electric vehicles for various purposes such as commuting to work and vacations. We also improved our employees' understanding of electric vehicles and encouraged them to participate in reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Also, we recently replaced the Yangjae head office's business vehicles completely with electric vehicles and plan to actively utilize electric vehicles in supply and demand for business vehicles in the future. We are continuously operating the 5-day vehicle rotation system to reduce the use of private cars for employees commuting to and from work. In 2021, we reduced the number of parking permits by more than 30% compared to the previous year and actively recommend using commuter buses. Currently, 425 commuter buses are being used on 345 routes, and we are organizing and operating routes by region according to the needs of our employees.
Furthermore, we have established a large-scale video conferencing system to reduce travel for business trips, and we recommend using public transportation and carpooling for domestic business trips. Kia measures and discloses the greenhouse gas emissions generated by its business activities and continues its efforts to reduce them.
In 2021, total greenhouse gas emissions from overseas business sites were 410,000 tons, of which direct (Scope 1) emissions were 100,000 tons and indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) 300,000 tons. We conducted third- party verification of greenhouse gas emissions at our overseas plants, including our new plant in India, Slovakia,
Yancheng, Georgia, and Mexico. The Slovakia plant is using all (100%) renewable energy.
Other Indirect Emissions (Scope 3) (Unit : tCO2eq) 72,556,023 70,308,767 67,563,304 2019 2020 2021* * Scope3: Indirect greenhouse gas emissions other than energy. 
Kia Slovakia Greenhouse gas emission (thousand tCO2eq)
Emission per unit (tCO2eq/unit)
Greenhouse gas emission (thousand tCO2eq)
Emission per unit (tCO2eq/unit)
Greenhouse gas emission (thousand tCO2eq)
Emission per unit (tCO2eq/unit)
Greenhouse gas emission (thousand tCO2eq)
Emission per unit (tCO2eq/unit)
Greenhouse gas emission (thousand tCO2eq)
Emission per unit (tCO2eq/unit) 197 161 111 2019 2020 2021. 
Kia China 0.7 0.7 0.7. 
Kia Georgia 81 82 76 2019 2020 2021 0.4 0.3 0.3. 
Kia Mexico 85 76 74 2019 2020 2021 0.3 0.3 0.3. 
Kia India 69 98 111 2019 2020 2021 0.6 0.5 34 30 35 2019 2020 2021 0.1 0.1 0.1


69 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Use of Water Resources. 
Kia recognizes the importance of water resources and the seriousness of the global water shortage problem. Kia implements various measures, such as investment in wastewater recycling process facilities and replacement of auxiliary facilities to respond to water resource risks by identifying policy/regulatory trends and analyzing our current status. In Korea, Kia uses water resources supplied from Paldang Dam (AutoLand Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong) and. 
Juam Dam (AutoLand Gwangju), with a storage capacity of 200 million tons or more. We also manage quality by installing pure manufacturing equipment (RO) used in painting factories. In addition, we recycle RO concentrated water to reduce water use. Overseas, we are working to minimize water resource usage by reusing all of our factory wastewater from 2020 by introducing a zero-wastewater discharge system from the design stage of our Indian plant.
Kia's water use in 2021 was 6,755,826m3, an increase of 9.5% from the previous year.
Environmental Management Performance and Goals*
Classification Details 2019 2020 2021 2022 Target. 
Green growth Greenhouse gas Discharge (tCO2eq/unit**) 0.585 0.590 0.580 0.579. 
Energy Consumption (kgOE/unit) 278.4 280.1 275.8 275.3. 
Eco-friendly production Water quality Water (ton/unit) 5.4 5.4 5.2 5.4. 
Cod*** (mg/l) 14.3 18.0 27.0 25.0. 
Hazardous chemicals Consumption (kg/unit) 0.1 0.0 0.0 0.0. 
Resource circulation Waste Generation (kg/unit) 149.0 170.0 172.1 163.0. 
Recycling rate (%) 93.6 94.8 93.8 90.0 * Range: Autoland Gwangmyeong, Hwaseong, Gwangju ** Amount used (emissions) per unit: based on the number of units produced, the Amount used or emitted when one vehicle is produced *** The amount of oxygen required when the microbial oxidizer decomposes organic matter in water, and it is an indicator of the degree of contamination of water.
Material Balance in the Automobile Production Process. 
Kia strives to reduce resource usage and material emissions through efficient processes, equipment replacement, and expansion of recycling. We collect resources (input), emitted substances (output), and created value (output) over the year to understand the current situation, set goals, and derive improvement plans based on this.In 2021, our production increased compared to the previous year, and the number of raw materials used per unit (2.7%),
VOCs emission per unit (3.8%), and the number of materials handled by TRI (0.3%) all increased. The total amount of waste generated increased (8.4%) due to the sale of the Gwangju material plant, but the recycling rate was maintained high at 93.8%.
Input Outcome Output. 
Water resources 6,755,826m3. 
Raw materials 214,902ton. 
Hazardous chemicals 0ton. 
Energy 15 thousand TJ. 
Substances subject to investigation of chemical emissions 49,102ton. 
Air GHG Emissions 731 thousand tCO2eq. 
Air Pollutant Emissions 215.4ton. 
VOCs* 6,628.2ton. 
TRI** Target Substance Emissions 49,102ton. 
Total discharge of water bodies 4,894,039m3. 
Discharge of water pollutants 120ton. 
Total Soil Waste Discharge 210,532ton. 
Landfill 1,332ton. 
Painting. 
Press. 
Body. 
Assembly. 
No. of vehicles produced 1,223,108vehicles***
Amount of recycled waste : 197,547(t)
Recycle * VOC (Volatile Organic Compounds) ** TRI (Toxic Release Inventory) *** Coverage : Autoland Gwangmyeong, Hwaseong, Gwangju 2019 2020 2021 6,168,016 6,755,826 6,574,379. 
Consumption of Water Resources Total usage (m3) Water usage (m3) Groundwater usage (m3) 5,255,043 1,319,336 4,881,975 1,286,041 5,261,166 1,494,660


70 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Chemical Management System. 
Regulations on hazardous substances are being strengthened around the world. Restrictions on using four heavy metals (lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium), ozone-depleting substances, and hazardous chemicals are internationally accepted laws. For all products, Kia prohibits using substances regulated by domestic and foreign laws and develops and applies alternative materials. First, Kia stores the material and weight information of parts collected from the International Material Data System (IMDS) in a database in the e-Chemical Management. 
System (e-CMS) that it operates by itself. Based on the e-CMS, we manage information on chemical substances in parts of all models produced after 2005 and conducts a preliminary review of chemical substances to be regulated.
In 2019, Kia established a pre-review process and computerized system to check in advance whether or not environmental regulations were applied prior to introducing chemical substances and monitors information on chemical substances used in each process more easily and quickly by establishing the Safety and Health. 
Environment Management System (SHE). Kia uses its own system (ProdTect) that can appropriately calculate the recyclability rate to respond to relevant laws and regulations and uses it as the basis for environmental evaluation.
Currently, all of Kia's vehicles meet the requirements of European, American, Chinese, and domestic recyclability certifications and regulations.
Use of Raw Materials. 
Kia's primary raw materials for automobiles are steel sheets (iron), paints and thinners, and plastics. Kia is reducing the amount of raw material used per product by improving the production process and counting and managing the use of major raw materials to reduce waste. In 2021, Kia's total raw material consumption increased by 9.9% and per-unit- consumption by 2.7% compared to the previous year. In particular, the total amount of iron used among raw materials (excluding the contracted amount from subcontractors) increased by 10.2% compared to 2020, and the amount used per unit by 2.9%. Since participating as the primary company in the voluntary agreement for green purchase in September 2005, Kia has been practicing eco-friendly purchasing by buying eco- friendly products such as eco-label certified products and excellent recycling mark products as a priority, following its Green Purchasing Guidelines every year. Kia also operates environmental standards to prevent the use or inclusion of substances harmful or dangerous to the environment in the development and production of vehicle parts.
Hazardous Substance Management System. 
Download. 
Partner. 
Data input. 
IMDS MAMS. 
Chemical substance analysis. 
Substance data collection, heavy metal content check. 
Substance data accumulation Chemical substance search Filtering by statistical law. 
Response to environmental regulations. 
Environmental assessment. 
Eco-friendly product development * Total usage of iron, paint, and thinner. 
Iron Total usage (ton)
Usage per unit (kg/unit) 206,076.5 175,981.7 2019 2020 2021 193,865.8 154.0 167.8 158.5. 
Thinner 3.8 4.2 4.1. 
Paint 12.7 12.9 13.1. 
Raw material Total amount* 226,352.4 195,477.0 2019 2020 2021 214,901.8 184.3 171.0 175.7. 
Total usage (ton)
Usage per unit (kg/unit)
Total usage (ton)
Usage per unit (kg/unit)
Total usage (ton)
Usage per unit (kg/unit) 4,681.2 4,743.9 2019 2020 2021 4999.6 15,594.7 14,751.5 2019 2020 2021 16,036.5


71 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Waste Discharge Management. 
Kia is committed to reducing total waste emissions and increasing recycling rates. Domestic business sites have implemented the resource circulation performance management system since 2019 and preemptively responded to resource circulation policies by maintaining the recycling rate at over 90% since 2007. We strictly separate and dispose of landfill and incineration wastes that are inevitably generated due to technological and economic constraints. We are also constantly improving, developing recyclers, etc., to transform our treatment methods.
In 2021, the total amount of waste generated by the three domestic factories was 211,000 tons, an increase of 8.4% from the previous year. Of this, 93.8% (197 thousand tons) is recycled as raw materials for cement and raw materials. The ratio of recycling to total waste decreased by 1.0%p compared to the previous year.
Discharge by waste treatment method. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Total (ton) Recycling 171,220 184,189 197,547. 
Landfill 829 10 1,332. 
Incineration 10,865 10,047 11,653. 
Total 182,914 194,247 210,532. 
Per unit (kg/unit) Recycling 139.4 161.2 161.5. 
Landfill 0.7 0.01 1.1. 
Incineration 8.8 8.8 9.5. 
Total 149 170 172 2019 2020 2021 135.0 101.6 68.1 110.0 88.9 55.7. 
Total emission (t)
Mission per vehicle (g/vehicle)
Dust. 
Air Pollution Management. 
The main air pollutants in automobile production are paint particles and VOCs (Volatile Organic Compounds) generated during painting. In particular, VOCs are toxic as one of the causative agents of global warming and stratospheric ozone depletion and are pollutants that cause odors, float in the air, and cause chemical reactions to affect the air environment significantly. Kia has set its own emission standards stronger than the legal emission standards to manage air pollutant emissions and operates its facilities that collect and remove air pollutants generated in the production process. Also, Kia has installed TMS (Tele-Monitoring System, automatic chimney measuring device) and IoT devices in the boiler to monitor its pollutant emission status. We plan to enhance its management by expanding the scope of management targets by 2022. Dust, a significant air pollutant, decreased by 33% in total and 37.3% per unit compared to the previous year. As for nitrogen oxide (NOx), the legal total management target area has been expanded from 2020. We are implementing the government's total amount quota regulation at all domestic business sites. In particular, we track and manage the emission status of VOCs that significantly impact the atmospheric environment separately.
Air pollutant emissions 2019 2020 2021 6,939.2 5,967.1 6,628.2 5651.2 5220.9 5419.1. 
Total emission (t)
Mission per vehicle (g/vehicle)
VOCs* * Volatile Organic Compounds


72 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Water Pollution Management. 
Kia thoroughly manages the quality of the effluent by applying stricter in-house water pollutant emission standards than legal standards. Kia contributes to water quality stabilization by managing treatment facilities, such as improving old facilities, and regularly monitors the concentration of effluent discharge to prevent unexpected spills.
Water pollutant emissions Air pollutant emissions. 
Total discharge of water pollutants* * Total discharge of COD, SS, and other water pollutants. 
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (g/vehicle) 112.4 137.1 2019 2020 2021 91.6 120.0 98.2 120.1. 
Total water discharge (m3) 4,531,186 4,535,347 4,894,039. 
Discharge in waters 2019 2020 2021 2.6 3.0 1.4 * Sulfur Oxides. 
Total emission (t)
Mission per vehicle (g/vehicle)
SOX* 2019 2020 2021 2.1 2.7 1.2 93.1 141.4 146.0 * Nitrogen Oxide. 
Total emission (t)
Mission per vehicle (g/vehicle)
NOX* 2019 2020 2021 75.8 128.7 119.3 * COD (Chemical Oxygen Demand): The amount of oxygen required when microorganisms and oxidizers decompose organic matter in water. An indicator of the degree of pollution of water meaning that the lower the number, the lower the degree of pollution.
62.1 80.8 71.6. 
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (g/vehicle)
COD* 2019 2020 2021 50.6 70.7 58.5 * SS (Suspended Solids) : Floating solids in water 6.4 8.9 8.7. 
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (g/vehicle)
SS* 2019 2020 2021 5.2 7.8 7.1 44.0 47.4 39.8 * Others generated: n-H, T-P, T-N. 
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (g/vehicle)
Others* 2019 2020 2021 35.8 41.5 32.5. 
Total emission of air pollutants* Total emission (t)
Mission per vehicle (g/vehicle) * Total emission of dust, SOx, NOx 2019 2020 2021 230.8 246.1 215.5 187.9 215.3 176.2


73 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Soil Pollution Management. 
Kia is actively conducting soil pollution management activities inside and outside AutoLand to protect the ecological environment and preserve biodiversity. We have created an eco-friendly and pleasant production environment by creating a green area inside the business site by installing ponds and transplanting trees. As a result of comprehensive management of our soil polluting facilities and continuous enhancement of inspections since 2000, we have not had a single case of pollutant leakage. Externally, we have been carrying out external eco-friendly conservation activities every year. In April 2021, we tried to protect marine life and preserve marine ecosystems by carrying out a campaign to inform the damage to marine life and birds caused by mask waste and to guide the correct method of disposing of masks to prevent the same.
Recycling of End-of-Life Vehicles. 
Kia has been collaborating with the Korean Ministry of Environment in carrying out a pilot project to improve the country’s ELV resource circulation system. The goal is to introduce the government's Extended Producer. 
Responsibility policy in the automobile sector. The EPR approach has been used in the fields of packaging materials and electronic products since 2011. As part of the project, the company is continuously working with auto dismantling companies in Korea to raise the reuse and recycling rate of ELV and recover resources that would otherwise go to waste. Its efforts include providing the dismantling companies with instructions on how to dismantle vehicles most efficiently, and supporting the cost of recycling materials that are hard to recycle. 195,370 tons of resources were recovered from ELVs in collaboration with auto dismantling companies in 2021 alone, with 92.0% of the cars they owned being recycled and reused (82.6% when excluding heat recovery)
Hazardous Chemicals Management. 
Hazardous chemicals collectively refer to chemicals harmful to people or the environment and require strict management in using and handling them. Regulations on chemical substances are being enhanced worldwide.
In Korea, the Chemical Substance Control Act and the Chemical Substance Evaluation and Registration Act have been in force since 2015. When a new hazardous chemical is designated, we try to replace it with a non-hazardous chemical within the grace period for licensing or not to use hazardous chemicals subject to legal permission through process improvement and product cessation. Kia operates a company-wide organization dedicated to quickly managing hazardous chemicals to respond to regulations on hazardous chemicals. Kia has installed a system to check the usage of hazardous chemicals at each plant and manage them regularly.
In addition, we run various systems such as hazardous chemical treatment, facility standards, and TRI (Hazardous. 
Chemical Emission Investigation). After changing the ion exchange manufacturing method of the painting process to an eco-friendly reverse osmosis method in 2015, we improved the hazardous chemical handling facilities of all factories and applied alternative products to reduce the use of toxic substances in 2019 dramatically.
Furthermore, we continuously invest in improving handling facilities to replace hazardous chemicals with safe chemicals and converting eco-friendly facilities.
Recycling of End-of-Life Vehicles. 
Classification 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Recycling rate of end-of-life vehicles 82.6 82.8 82.9 82.6. 
Including heat recovery 87.2 89.3 91.9 92.0 (Unit : %)
Amount of Resources Recovered When Dismantling Cars. 
Classification 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Recovery weight 262,775 261,971 209,754 195,370 (Unit : ton)
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (kg/vehicle)
Total discharge (t)
Discharge per vehicle (kg/vehicle)
Hazardous Chemicals Emissions 104.8 0.0 0.0 2019 2020 2021. 
TRI Target Substance Emissions 48,954.5 49,102.6 93.1 2019 2020 2021* 0.09 0.0 0.0 39.9 43.0 * TRI target substance emissions are to be counted in July 2022 (once a year)


74 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Social. 
Kia pursues mutual growth with its employees, customers and suppliers. We aim to take the lead in resolving issues facing the local community and become a partner contributing to the future generations.
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 74. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social 2021 Ministry of Health and Welfare. 
Commendation from the Minister of Health and Welfare as a health-friendly company. 
No. of Female Managers from 2020 29% increase * Domestic, G3 level or higher. 
Kia’s average years of partnership with suppliers 34 years * Average length in the manufacturing industry : 12 years 74


75 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Talent Recruitment. 
Kia actively hires talented people to create a new future through creative thinking and challenges. To overcome difficulties in the job market caused by COVID-19 with the future generation, Kia hired 477 new employees across all business sites. The recruits in 2021 were 65% in their 20s and 31% in their 30s, and the majority were young.
In addition, Kia is continuously hiring talented people in new technologies and new businesses to lead the future mobility industry. Kia operates a ‘veteran’ system for seniors with advanced skills and experience to support them to continue contributing to the industry. Kia manages the entire recruitment process with a system to enhance fairness and transparency in the hiring process. The field departments are leading the screening by selection for job-oriented hiring. All executives and employees participating in the recruitment process are committed to fair hiring by writing the oath of recruitment. We improved the transparency of the hiring process by receiving a fact- finding certificate from all interviewees. We also made it compulsory to complete online interviewer literacy training to strengthen interviewer competency.
Employees (Unit : Persons) Status of Employees. 
Domestic and foreign employees 2019* 2020 2021 Ratio (%)
Domestic 35,469 35,115 35,453 68.2. 
Gender Male 34,210 33,799 34,033 96.0. 
Female 1,259 1,316 1,420 4.0. 
By age 20-29 years old 1,501 382 1,554 4.4 30~39 years old 4,895 3,320 3,573 10.1 40~49 years old 14,868 10,310 11,452 32.3 over 50 years old 14,205 21,103 18,874 53.2. 
USA 3,075 3,169 3,288 6.3. 
Mexico 2,339 2,362 2,243 4.3. 
Europe 5,059 4,861 4,881 9.4. 
China 4,824 4,613 4,317 8.3. 
Others 1,682 1,779 1,793 3.4. 
Total 52,448 51,899 51,975 100 (Unit : Persons) Retirement/turnover status (Domestic)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Retirement By age 20s 48 49 38 30s 41 49 64 40s 50 54 41 50s 542 832 66 60s or more 28 28 838. 
Gender Male 682 974 1,005. 
Female 27 38 42. 
Total 709 1,012 1,047. 
Total Turnover (%) 2.0 2.9 3.0. 
Voluntary Turnover (%) 0.4 0.4 0.3 * Total turnover rate (%) = Number of employees who retired during the reporting period / (Number of employees at the beginning of the reporting period + Number of employees at the end of the reporting period / 2) ** Voluntary turnover rate is limited to voluntary retirees, excluding full-age retirement (Unit : Persons) Recruitment Status (Domestic)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
By age 20-29 years old 237 167 309 30~39 years old 69 70 147 40~49 years old 36 15 20 over 50 years old 53 157 0. 
Gender Male 307 357 396. 
Female 88 52 81. 
By region Headquarters 94 87 168. 
Gwangmyeong 67 75 69. 
Hwaseong 89 77 107. 
Gwangju 19 82 53. 
Namyang Research Lab 12 3 7. 
Etc. 114 85 73. 
Total 395 409 477. 
By nationality* Korea 474. 
USA 1. 
China 1. 
India 1. 
Percentage of open positions filled by internal candidates (Internal hires) 31% 21% 28% * Recruitment status by nationality is counted from 2021 * Industrial-educational personnel, part-time jobs are not included


76 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social (Unit : Persons) The Status of Manager*
Classification Total Number G3 and above. 
Republic of Korea 35,435 4,926. 
United States of America (USA) 5 5. 
Canada 4 3. 
New Zealand 2 2. 
France 1 0. 
Switzerland 1 1. 
Belgium 1 1. 
Spain 1 1. 
Portugal 1 1. 
Japan 1 1. 
Taiwan 1 1. 
Total 35,453 4,942 (Unit : Persons) Status of employment with disability (Domestic)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Total number 1,253 1,199 2,423. 
Disabled Employment Rate 3.5% 3.4% 6.8% (Unit : Persons, %) Status of Labor Union Membership (Domestic)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Total member 29,626 29,229 28,086. 
Rate of membership 84.9 83.9 81.3. 
The Status of Female Workforce* (Domestic)
Employee Engagement (Domestic/Overseas)
Classification Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Double Engagement* Total (Domestic/ Overseas) % 52.7 54.1 57.1 55.8. 
Head of Department or Above % 88.7 74.6 74.8 77.0. 
Head of Department % 72.1 75.0 76.4 77.2. 
Head of Division % 55.2 57.1 56.8 59.9. 
Team Member % 47.0 48.0 51.4 50.0. 
Participation Rate Total Survey Target Persons 9,684 10,377 10,535 10,526. 
Number of Participants in the Survey Persons 7,493 7,540 7,576 7,732. 
Participant Rate % 77.4 72.7 71.9 73.5 * Measured on a 5-point Likert scale for the following two items (1 point: strongly disagree, 5 point: strongly agree) : Method of measuring employee double commitment (organizational commitment measurement question (I will not leave even if other companies offer more favorable conditions than now), 2) job satisfaction measurement question (I am satisfied with my current job) * As of 2021/ excluding independent directors, advisors, etc.
Classification 2021 (Persons)
Ratio of people in the same class(%) 2022 Target Ratio(%) Note. 
Number Managers 4,942 -G3 or above. 
Number of female managers 188 3.8 3.9 G3 or above. 
Executives 3 2.0 2.1. 
G4 41 1.4 1.5. 
G3 144 7.7 7.8. 
Number of female employees in revenue-generating departments/ positions 1,261 3.6 3.7. 
Autoland Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong/Gwangju, Global. 
Business Management Division, Domestic Business/Customer. 
Experience/North America Headquarters, European. 
Headquarters, Central and South America Headquarters,
Asia-pacific Headquarters, Asia-Middle East Headquarters,
Product/R&D/Purchasing/Quality Division, Manufacturing. 
Solutions Division, ICT Division, CDO, Special Division, Innovation. 
Division, UAM Division, EV Division. 
Number of female employees in. 
STEM** positions 533 1.9 2.0. 
Autoland Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong/Gwangju, Purchasing. 
Division, Quality Division, Manufacturing Solutions Division, TaaS. 
Division, R&D Division, UAM Division, ICT Division, CDO, Special. 
Division, Special Vehicle Research Lab, Innovation Division * Excluding independent directors, advisors, etc. ** STEM : Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics


77 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Support for growth and career transition. 
For sustainable growth, Kia operated various internalization programs such as Forum Kia (executives), Inspiring. 
Leadership (team leader), and Inspiring INSIGHT LIVE (employees) based on a brand-oriented management system. We established the Mobility Academy system in 2021. We operated a total of 10 courses with 23 sessions, including Data Translator and Mobility Pioneer, to preemptively respond to the rapidly changing mobility industry and strengthen the company-wide future business capabilities. Intending to operate 21 courses in 2022, we plan to support our employees to internalize their future core competencies continuously. In addition, we shared with our members the direction of change in production sites following the transition to electrification and improved our understanding of business changes through the EV Tech day, a physical education program conducted, touring AutoLand.
Classification. 
Office Worker Field Worker Top Management Officer Middle Manager (Team Leader) Non-manager (Team Member) Subtotal. 
Training hours per person by job/position 0.3 2.4 17.5 20.2 12.8. 
Classification Jobrelated Leadership. 
Sustainability. 
Total Human Right Safety Environment Quality Subtotal. 
Training hours per person by type 27.2 1.4 0.5 0.4 2.4 1.1 4.4 33. 
Educational Operational Performance (Unit : Hours) Detailed Educational Indicators. 
Indicator name 2019 2020 2021. 
Total education investment budget 10.75billion 7.84billion 10.54billion. 
Education expenses per person 303thousand 223thousand 297thousand. 
Training hours per person 32hours 27hours 33hours. 
Total number of trainees 114,130persons 102,327persons 109,382persons. 
Employee growth system implementation rate -83.5% 90.0% * 2020 key management indicator (KPI) change: 'employee growth system implementation rate' (number of employees who set competency improvement plan / total growth system target) following the introduction of the new growth system • Education cost per person = total education budget/number of Kia employees (34,565 as of December 2021) • Total training hours (MH) = ∑ (number of people per course X hours per course) • Training hours per person = Total training hours (MH) / Number of Kia employees. 
Further, Kia is running a program to foster outstanding talents and develop new employees to secure new growth engines, promoting innovative strategies to support newly established organizations (new business headquarters).
In the future, we plan to support active growth by continuously supplementing/improving growth guides and learning solutions for each sector in response to the COVID-19 environment. Kia conducted training to raise ESG awareness for all employees, including executives at domestic and overseas. Online video training was conducted in a total of five areas including ESG general, ethics, human rights, safety, and environment, and the completion rate of the training was 92%.


78 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Welfare System and Remuneration System. 
Kia recognizes that work-life balance is a significant value that enhances employee growth and company performance and strives to realize it. Kia actively recommends various leave systems for each position and provides additional holidays under the collective agreement. In addition, Kia has been pondering how our generation, who lives in a moment-to-moment connection, can work more efficiently amid the proliferation of non- face-to-face culture. In the rapidly changing business environment, we are making efforts from various angles to introduce a work system that considers the needs of our employees. We also installed systems related to family life balance for work-family balance, such as the selective working hour system, and provided a fair working environment that guarantees equal opportunities and treatment for men and women. We have continuously acquired re-certification since being certified as a family-friendly company by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family in 2014. Recognized of these efforts, we were selected as an excellent company for work-life balance by the Ministry of Employment and Labor in 2020. In addition, Kia operates an equal and fair compensation system irrespective of nationality/gender to inspire employees to work. we improved the personnel system to make individual performance improvements reflected in the compensation by establishing a compensation system linked to absolute evaluation. Every year, Kia distributes excess profits from management activities to employees through a labor-management agreement as a reasonable level of incentives. We also provide non- pay compensation, including severance pay to all employees. Furthermore, we are operating the employee stock ownership association to support workers' property formation, enhance labor-management cooperation, and improve corporate productivity. Under Article 34 of the Framework Act on Labor Welfare, all workers in the direct employment relationship with Kia are eligible to join the association, except registered executives. Kia guarantees salaries even during sick leave and industrial accidents, and bonuses (at manager level), overtime salaries, and performance salaries (at senior manager level) are paid in full regardless of leave of absence. In addition, Kia operates a physical fitness facility to promote the health of its employees. Yangjae Headquarters has been operating the fitness center (Haevichi) since 2013, and has a swimming pool of 1.144m2, gym 536m 2, sauna and locker room 612m 2, which can accommodate about 1200 people. As of June 2022, a total of 125 people are using the facility.
Welfare System Operation. 
Leave • Leave provided according to position (ex. 'Pro Dream' leave for employees promoted to manager level, etc.) • Paid health leave to female employees • Additional summer vacation leave to all employees, etc.
Working environment • Introduction of work-from-home • Establishment of base office infrastructure for remote work • Operation of flexible working hour system • Operation of a work-from-home training, Home Learn, etc.
Family life balance • Parental leave • Reduction of working hours • Support for fertility leave • Breastfeeding break. 
Classification Contents Target Hours Persons. 
Kia·Hyundai Top Leader Exploring the impact and connection points of external environmental changes such as technological innovation on companies. 
Head of Division or higher 20 8. 
Insight Forum Sharing insights from timely subject matter experts (Management/Economy, International situations, technological change, etc.)
Senior Vice President or higher 2 80. 
Leaders Learning Lab Small voluntary learning group related to management and technology (mobility, digital economy, metaverse, Generation MZ)
Head of Department or higher 20 20. 
Executive Competency Improvement. 
Data-driven decision-making process indepth workshop (data leadership, case study, etc.)
Head of Department or higher 11 7. 
Head of department Basic Self-awareness, executive role performance (Envisioning/Engagement/ Empowerment)
New Head of Department 22 23. 
Coaching Leadership Acquire coaching skills to develop coaching leadership, self-awareness through strength diagnosis. 
Team Leader or higher 45 12. 
LSV(Leadership Surround View) Debriefing. 
LSV understanding/utilization, leadership development planning Team Leader or higher 3 62. 
Leadership Training Programs. 
Kia is operating about 7 leadership training curriculums from the perspective of business, organizational development, and member growth.
Contents of Training Program in 2021


79 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Classification Details. 
Working System Flexible work hours Able to work voluntarily within 52 hours per week (average) of working hours per month, Core working hours are 5 hours from Monday to Thursday and 4 hours on Friday. 
Remote working Implementation of remote work system based on autonomy and responsibility (Varies by place of work and job group)
Part-time working Operate only for some jobs (driving manager 7 hours/day, service manual multilingual translation 4 hours/day)
Base office Trial operation of 5 major locations in the metropolitan area and 6 shared office locations in the Seoul area. 
Child birth/ Child care support Parental leave (women/men) Up to 2 years of parental leave per child (under 8 years old, under second grade of elementary schools)
Maternity leave 90 days of maternity leave for pregnant women before and after childbirth (120 days for multiple fetuses) / Maternity leave for male workers is 10 days of paid leave. 
Shortened work hours during childcare periods Up to 2 years of reduced working hours during childcare period (5 to 25 hours per week) for each child (under 8 years old, under second grade of elementary schools)
Work daycare center / Consigned childcare facility Autoland Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong/Gwangju and Yangjae Headquarters operate a total of 4 workplace daycare centers. 
Family leave Up to 90 days of a year can be used to care for the family member due to illness, accident or old age. 
Vacation support Summer vacation 5 days of paid leave per year. 
Pro dream vacation 5 days of personal annual leave can be used with additional 10 days of paid leave for senior managers on the promotion. 
Long-term employment award 5 days of paid leave available for the 21st year only for employees who have served 20 years of service. 
Vacation over retirement 30 days of paid leave that can be used for the annual leave of absence is provided in the case of retirement after 20 years of service. 
Four seasons resort operation Offers member-price accommodation benefits for a total of 33 resorts. 
Healthcare Healthy snacks Providing meal options such as healthy salads, vegetarian meals, and take-out menus. 
Regular medical examinations Provision of mandatory legal general examination once a year for all employees and additional examination and recognition of attendance, additional check-ups for employees over 40 years of age (electrocardiogram, thyroid ultrasound, blood cancer test, etc.)
General examination Every 10 years of tenure (every 3 years for those over 40), 50% of the support is provided by the company to one member of the employee’s family every year. 
Fitness facility Operating Autoland Gwangju/Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong and Yangjae Headquarters fitness center. 
Life/Convenience support Congratulatory and condolatory benefits Congratulatory and condolences leave and congratulations and condolences support, Support for mourners and condolences items (garlands, etc.)
Child scholarships Secondary/High School/University tuition, early childhood education expenses, and special education expenses. 
Housing support fund Support for up to KRW 60 million in housing funds (purchase/jeonse*) by length of service * lump-sum housing lease. 
Staff apartment Operates 482 households near Autoland Gwangmyeong and 536 households near Autoland Hwaseong. 
Appointment and moving Support for household items and family relocation expenses for employees who move out over a certain distance. 
Vehicle discount Vehicle discount support according to years of service. 
Points Payment of welfare points and self-development points and operation of employee shopping malls. 
Partnership discounts Affiliate discounts for hotel/resort accommodation and shopping through a year-round. 
Culture support Clubs Support for monthly club activity expenses. 
Others Guaranteed salary in case of sick leave Partial compensation for sick leave or sick leave due to physical or mental disability or disease (varies by period) In case of industrial accidental leave due to work-related injuries or diseases, compensation is paid in addition to the amount paid by the Korea Labor Welfare Corporation (30% of normal wages)
Welfare System/Program Operation Status at Kia


80 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Safety and Environment. 
Kia prevents industrial accidents by providing a safe and pleasant work environment and spreading a safety culture, and improves the health of its and its partners' employees to fulfill its corporate social responsibility. We realize safety and health sustainable management by establishing an autonomous safety management system based on the safety and health management system (ISO) with the support of the safety and health leadership of the top management.
Safety Environment Management System (ISO) Certification and Operation Kia maintains the safety and environment management system (ISO) certification through external audits every year. Since 2020, we have switched to an integrated management system for a safe environment at all domestic worksites. This year, we have enhanced the integrated management system operating system as the Safety and. 
Environment Center provided practical training for company-wide safety and environment management system personnel and developed and operated computerized systems. In the future, we plan to continuously manage our business units through active monitoring and feedback in the safety and environment sector.
Organization and Personnel Composition and Roles The top management (domestic production manager) of Kia is concurrently serving as the CSO (General Safety. 
Officer) to strengthen the safety and health management system centered on the production organization. Safety and health are managed by 'Safety Environment Team' for regional AutoLand, 'Safe Environment Section' for the unit plants, and dedicated safety environment organizations in charge of each organization for the headquarters division, domestic business division, and manufacturing solution division, centered on the 'Safe Environment. 
Center,' a dedicated organization that oversees and manages company-wide safety and environment tasks.
2021 Certification Audit Results. 
DNV Business Assurance 2 weeks(9.27~10.8) • Safety Environment Center : 9/27 • AutoLand Gwangmyeong / Hwaseong / Gwangju : 9/28 ~ 10/8. 
Total 60 departments • 54 departments/teams in production/support • 6 departments/teams in safety environment. 
Visit inspection (safe environment management system documents and on-site inspection)
Lead Period Target departments Evaluation method. 
Company-wide Safety Management Organization Chart. 
Domestic Business. 
Global Business Management Headquarters. 
European Regional Headquarters. 
Kia China. 
North America. 
Headquarters Division. 
Manufacturing Solutions Division. 
Domestic production. 
CEO. 
Safety Environment Center. 
Overseas. 
General manager. 
Domestic. 
CSO. 
Kia Autoland (Georgia/ Mexico)
KCN Planning Headquarters. 
Kia Autoland Slovakia. 
Kia India. 
Export shipping team. 
Business support team. 
Kia Autoland (Gwangmyeong/ Hwaseong/ Gwangju)
PT Division. 
Labor Support Division. 
Disability Income Protection. 
Status of Employee Salary Payment. 
Classification Average Salary per Employee*
Male 102. 
Female 79. 
All employees 101 (Unit : KRW million) Parental Leave*
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Male 67 94 93. 
Female 55 54 61. 
Return rate (%) 98 97 99 (Unit : persons) * Based on domestic employees * Based on domestic employees. 
Classification 1 month 2 months 3 months 4 months 5 months 6 to 12 months Over year Note. 
Industrialaccidents Company support (30%) National support (70%) Sick leave 90% 80% 70% 60% 50% 50% 0%


81 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Preemptive Response to Critical Accident In order to prevent critical and industrial accidents, Kia identifies accident locations for each Autoland and high-risk locations where similar accidents may occur, and creates a safety map. Inspection and regular inspection (once a month) organized by the Safety and Environment Center are being conducted. In addition, through the operation of a company-wide safety organization regular meeting (once a month) in which the heads of departments, department heads, and safety officers of each safety and environment sector participate, the inspection results and improvement status are checked, and safety issues for each Autoland are shared in advance in other sectors as well and we are discussing the cause/solution so that we can respond.
Critical and Industrial Accident Reporting System. 
Critical Accident Reporting System* * Autoland. 
Relevant sector. 
Labor support. 
Safety cooperation support. 
Labor safety. 
Legal affairs. 
PR business support. 
Headquarter situation room. 
Director of Safety and Environment Center. 
Autoland. 
Situation room. 
Main Task • Initial Response - Suspension of work, evacuation of workers, measures to prevent further damage • Accident investigation and accident report (internal/external) • Patient status identification and relief measures. 
CSO. 
Critical and Industrial Accident Handling Process. 
On-site response·Accident investigation. 
Temporary Occupational Safety and Health Committee ·Accident Compensation. 
Suspension·Cancellation. 
Work. 
Follow up (Safety Inspection ·Special supervision) 1 Accident reception /Emergency relief Emergency personnel dispatch, wire notification 2 Oral reporting/Field control Traffic personnel/Safe environment section, On-site control, personal information of the victim and eyewitness acquisition, reporting 3 Accident investigation/ breaking report Conduct on-site accident investigations, prepare accident breaking news, respond to on-site investigations by the Ministry of Labor 4 Identify the status of the injured Dispatch of safety personnel to evacuation hospital 5 Temporary Occupational Safety and Health Committee Preparation of results of past major critical accident consultations, labormanagement consultations 6 Critical accident compensation/consultation with the bereaved family Calculation of compensation details and consultation with the bereaved family 7 Management Report Conduct on-site accident investigations, prepare accident breaking news, respond to on-site investigations by the Ministry of Labor 9 (Ministry of Labor) Safety and Health Group Order Act as an external window for the Ministry of Labor, collect/report improvement plans according to diagnosis, and submit to the Ministry of Labor 10 (Ministry of Labor) Prosecutor's Office Investigation Response Ministry of Labor / Prosecutor's Office Response (Legal Team, etc.) 11 Report and pay fines / fines for negligence Handling of fines and fines 8 (Ministry of Labor) Order to stop/cancel work External expert support related to the deliberation committee (ministry of Labor/professor/ expert)
Step 4 Step 3 Step 2 Step 1. 
Establishment of a Critical Accident Prevention System ※ Inspect the action situation manual at least once a half year. 
Site high-risk location safety Map. 
Company-wide safety organization regular meeting (Result management, issue discussion)
Autoland safety department regular /frequent inspection (Daily inspection, monthly inspection)
Autoland safety division’s regular /frequent inspection (monthly inspection)


82 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Health and Safety Issue Reporting Process and Decision-making System At Kia, management reports are made according to internal policies, and follow-up actions are swiftly taken according to the agreed decisions in case of safety and health-related issues such as safety accidents, infectious diseases, and fire accidents.
KPI and Goal/Performance Management Kia recognizes safety and health management as a core value of the company and organization. We have established and managed unified safety and health KPIs, goals, and performance evaluation standards from top management to executives and department/team leaders. The evaluation criteria mainly consist of the 'result index' and 'process index.' We evaluate the 'result index' by the industrial accident incidence and absence rate and the 'process index' by the KIA SEMS, an internal audit program for the safety and environment management system.
Particularly this year, we plan to minimize legal risks by including the statutory implementation items of the 'Severe. 
Accident Punishment Act,' which came into effect on January 27, in the 'KIA SEMS,' and managing and evaluating them.
Operation of Occupational Safety and Health Committee Kia operates three types of 'The Occupational Safety and Health Committee' (hereafter referred to as the “OSHC”) to collect opinions on the safety and health of workers.
Department OSHCㅣAs a consultative body that deliberates and decides on safety and health matters of the relevant department, the committee is implemented in accordance with the collective agreement. In this consultative body, decisions are made to resolve safety and health issues that arise in each department.
Division OSHCㅣAs a consultative body that deliberates and decides on safety and health matters in the relevant sector (Gwangmyeong/Hwaseong/Gwangju AutoLand, sales, service), the committee is implemented in accordance with Article 24 (Occupational Safety and Health Committee) of the Occupational Safety and Health. 
Act. This consultative body proposes legal obligations and budget investment as major agenda items.
Integrated OSHCㅣThe committee is implemented according to the collective agreement as a consultative body that decides on company-wide safety and health matters. This council deliberates and decides on safety and health policies, industrial accident prevention, and activities requiring labor-management agreement.
2022 Safety and Health KPIs and Target/Performance Evaluation Criteria. 
Classification Item Points Remarks. 
Result Index Industrial Accident Rate 20 Additional points for reducing the accident-related incidence rate compared to the 3-year average. 
Integrated Absence Rate 20 Additional points for reducing the integrated absence rate compared to the 3-year average. 
Process Index KIA SEMS* 60 Points deduction for non-compliance with the Severe Accident Punishment Act. 
Type of Occupational Safety and Health Committee. 
Relevant regulation. 
Participants Employer side. 
Worker side. 
Cycle. 
Integrated. 
Collective agreement, labor management regulations. 
Safety facility managers of labor support division and 5 other divisions. 
Brand vice president and labor management committee managers of 5 branches. 
When necessary. 
Division. 
Occupational Safety and Health Act, collective agreement, labor management regulations. 
AutoLand plant manager and safety facility manager, etc.
Branch president and labor management committee manager, etc.
Once per quarter. 
Department. 
Collective agreement, labor management regulations. 
Department head, Department safety manager. 
Occupational safety committee member. 
Once a month * Kia International Assessment for Safety & Environment Management System. 
Issue occurrence. 
AutoLand manager. 
Headquarters general organization. 
Safety Environment. 
Center. 
Management. 
CEO / CSO


83 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Reinforcement of Safety Management Compliance System for Contract Business Kia has enhanced the compliance system for safety management of subcontracting businesses by preventing industrial accidents for its business partners, executives and employees, and responding to the 'Act on Punishment of Serious Accidents, etc. (hereinafter referred to as 'the Act'), which came into effect in January 2022. With the enactment of the 'Act,' the scope of legal protection subject has been expanded from related contractors to workers. Accordingly, Kia has ① expanded the range of suppliers subject to safety management, ② prepared and educated guidelines in which roles and responsibilities (R&R) were clearly described to enhance the contractor's ability to comply with the 9 items of statutory implementation stipulated in the Occupational Safety and Health. 
Act, and ③ improved the efficiency of operation and management of the council's meeting and joint inspection items through the development of a computerized system. In the future, Kia will continue to make various efforts to provide a safe working environment for its employees by continuously strengthening the safety management system for the contracting business.
Operation of the Overseas Business Site Safety Management Council Kia operates a safety and health council where safety sector expatriates and staff members of 5 global business sites participate for the continuous and effective operation of the safety and health management system at overseas business sites every year. This consultative body shares significant issues related to the safety and health management system, such as ISO certification and KIA SEMS operation at worksites, and discusses countermeasures.
Operation Status of the Overseas Business Site Safety Management Council. 
Target Cycle Contents. 
Safety expatriate 1 time/year or more • Discussion on major safety issues and policy issues • KIA SEMS operation plan guide. 
Safety manager 1 time/year or more • Guide to KIA SEMS operation plan and evaluation method. 
Details (draft) of the safety management compliance system enhancement for the contract business • Reinforcement of serious accident risk management by enhancing the management of contract projects (partners) Establishment of a management system for all suppliers and employees /fulfillment of obligations under Occupational safety and health law, the Serious Accidents Act/Operational support and regular inspection • Standard revision and operation management guide preparation and training • Obligation specification for each subject through the establishment of R&R • System documentation of activities and linkage with compliance evaluation activities. 
Accident Prevention Activities Safety Idea ContestㅣIn January 2022, Kia held the ‘1st Hyundai Motor Group Safety Idea Contest’ with all group companies. A total of 124 ideas (87 proposals/37 implementations) were submitted due to the great interest and participation of employees in Kia, and as a result, 1 grand case , 1 excellent case, and 2 encouragement cases were awarded.
Strengthening Emergency Response Capabilities Establishment of Emergency Response SystemㅣKia has strengthened its response system to minimize human and material damage in the event of an emergency. We identified various types of disasters that may occur, established a response manual for each type, and are conducting emergency drills twice a year in which field workers participate.
Internalization of Safety and Health. 
Safety Culture Internalization Activities Through Labor-management Joint Declaration Ceremony On October 6, 2021, labor and management held a declaration ceremony to create a safe, eco-friendly and healthy workplace. Through this declaration, labor and management agreed to establish and make active efforts to comply with the ‘labor-management joint safety prevention rules’ to prevent serious accidents and secure the safety and health of field workers, including executives and employees. The rule consist of a total of 10 items (providing and wearing protective gear, protective gear, prohibition of arbitrarily disengaging or bypassing safety protection devices, wearing seat belts and observing the speed limit, arbitrarily prohibiting unmanned processes, observing work rules when entering and exiting, and lifting heavy objects, prohibiting entry to the lower part, entering after approval for gas concentration measurement in confined space, power off when handling electricity, non-smoking outside designated areas, pre-check before work, compliance with permit system, reporting immediately after taking precautionary measures for dangerous acts and elements), and these are reflected as efforts to block the element. These labor-management safety prevention rules were posted on site and advertised on in-house broadcasting so that all employees could be aware of them.


84 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Employee Health Management Activities Kia operates an industrial health center for each AutoLand where medical professionals such as doctors, psychotherapists, and exercise prescribers reside. Through this, Kia supports various health management programs for its employees. Kia also analyzes the results of employees' health check-ups through collaboration with health check-up organizations. Through this, Kia also conducts data-based occupational and general disease prevention activities. As a result of these efforts, Kia was awarded the Minister of Health-Friendly Company Award in 2021.
Kia respects and supports international human rights standards. Kia complies with international standards and guidelines on human rights and labor, such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, UN Principles on. 
Business and Human Rights, OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct, and Corporate. 
Human Rights Management Standard Guidelines (draft) by the Ministry of Justice, etc. All Kia employees and stakeholders are working with 'human rights' as the top priority in their business operation.
Human Rights Management Enhancement Kia is practicing human rights management in all its business activities to protect and promote the human rights of all stakeholders, including business partners and customers, as well as Kia's employees. We enacted the 'Kia. 
Human Rights Charter' in July 2020 based on various human rights and labor-related international standards and guidelines. Through the Human Rights Charter, Kia has established eight major basic principles to share and specifically realize the goal of respecting human rights in all workplaces.
Human Rights. 
We observe local laws first when matters covered by the Charter of Human Rights conflict with laws and regulations by country. Still, we recommend establishing/implementing separate detailed policies that reflect local laws and business characteristics in the Charter of Human Rights. In addition to complying with human rights laws and regulations in all countries, we are regularly conducting periodic monitoring to check human rights risks and confirm the implementation status of the Human Rights Charter at each business site. Through this, we realize human rights management by guaranteeing a humane life to all stakeholders and providing stable working conditions.
Human Rights Education for Employees Kia is responding to human resources-related risks concerning corporate activities by inducing employees to apply the principles and guidelines of human rights management to their business practices through education on the Charter of Human Rights. Kia provides training on workplace discrimination and harassment prevention for all employees. From early August to early September 2021, Kia provided online human rights education for all employees of domestic/overseas workplaces. By distributing educational materials in e-books, Kia is creating an environment where employees can understand and empathize with human rights management anytime, even after completing the training. In 2022, Kia conducted human rights education and team workshops for team leaders to help them think and act aware of the importance of human rights.
Basic Principles of the Kia Human Rights Charter 1 Non-discrimination 5 Prohibition of forced and child labor 2 Compliance with working conditions 6 Guarantee of industrial safety 3 Humane treatment 7 Protection of human rights of local residents 4 Guarantee of freedom of association and collective bargaining 8 Protection of human rights of customers. 
Industrial Accidents at Domestic and Overseas (2021)
Classification Number of accidents Accident Rate. 
Autoland Gwangmyeong 107 1.74. 
Autoland Hwaseong 154 1.17. 
Autoland Gwangju 128 0.72. 
Outside the factory (head office, sales, service) 19 0.31. 
Overseas 9 0.06. 
Total 408 0.86 (Unit : Case, %)
Trends in Industrial Accidents. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of accidents 296 301 408. 
Accident Rate 0.64 0.66 0.86 (Unit : Case, %)
Lost-Time Injuries Frequency Rate (LTIFR) / Occupational Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Lost-Time Injuries Frequency Rate (LTIFR*)
Employees 1.42 1.59 1.70. 
Suppliers 4.66 3.78 3.78. 
Occupational Illness Frequency Rate (OIFR*)
Employees 1.75 1.75 2.62 * LTIFR : Loss of work accident rate, and the formula is as follows: Number of injuries (accidents) in a 12-month period / Total hours worked by all employees in the same 12-month period x 1,000,000 ** OFIR : Loss of disease-related accident rate, and the formula is as follows: Number of injuries (accidents) in a 12-month period / Total hours worked by all employees in the same 12-month period x 1,000,000 * Data calculation criteria is changed compared to 2021


85 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Human Rights Impact Assessment Inspection Area. 
Inspection area Number of inspection items. 
Human Rights Management System 5. 
No discrimination 15. 
Compliance with working conditions 5. 
Humane treatment 10. 
Freedom of association and collective bargaining 13. 
Prohibition of forced and child labor 18. 
Occupational Safety Guarantee 17. 
Protection of human rights of local residents 8. 
Protection of customer human rights 13. 
Sum 104. 
Human Rights Risk Assessment Process. 
Establishment and declaration of the Human Rights Charter. 
Establishment/implementation of human rights management system. 
Inspection and evaluation of human rights risks. 
Support for improvement of human rights risks. 
Disclosure of human rights management implementation status. 
Human Rights Impact Assessment Kia diagnoses the level of awareness of human rights risks and phenomena in detail by conducting a human rights impact assessment based on the Human Rights Charter. Kia analyzes each business site's level and identifies areas for improvement through 104 detailed inspection items in 9 significant areas such as the prohibition of discrimination, prohibition of forced and child labor, and guarantee of industrial safety. We are reinforcing the identification of areas for improvement by upgrading evaluation items every year (improved and integrated with from 105 items in 2020 to 104 items in 2021). We have expanded the inspection scope not only to the headquarters and domestic business sites but also to all overseas regional headquarters and production subsidiaries so that all Kia employees can recognize the importance of human rights and internalize the Charter of Human Rights. In addition, Kia conducted a human rights impact assessment, and no significant human rights risks were identified in the human rights impact assessment in 2021. Kia is preventing human rights risks by continuously listening to the opinions of key stakeholders such as employees and customers. We will recommend gradual improvement according to the situation in the region and continue monitoring matters identified as normal and potential risks in 2022.
Results of Human Rights Impact Assessment in 2021. 
Check Area Detailed Area (Number of Questions) Risk Level. 
No discrimination Nondiscrimination in Employment (6) Low risk. 
Non-discrimination against men and women (5) Potential risk. 
Non-discrimination against non-regular workers (2) Low risk. 
Non-discrimination against foreigners (2) Low risk. 
Compliance with working conditions Compliance with statutory working hours (1) Low risk. 
Compliance with wage laws (2) Low risk. 
Guarantee of right to rest (1) Low risk. 
Guarantee of work environment (1) Low risk. 
Humane treatment Violence/Harassment Prevention (5) Potential risk. 
No Privacy Intervention (1) Low risk. 
Work-life balance (2)
Privacy (1) Potential risk. 
No coercion (1) Low risk. 
Freedom of association and collective bargaining Freedom of Association/Collective Bargaining (3) Low risk. 
Prohibition of disadvantages in union activities (4) Low risk. 
Negotiation Guarantee and Implementation (4) Low risk. 
Alternative actions in absence of union (2)
Prohibition of forced and child labor Prohibition of forced labor (7) Low risk. 
Prevention of forced labor by suppliers (2) Low risk. 
Prohibition of Hiring Children (4) Low risk. 
Prohibibition of Hiring Minors (5) Low risk. 
Occupational Safety Guarantee Workplace Safety (7) Low risk. 
Protection of pregnant women/the disabled (2) Potential risk. 
Equipment/Educational Facilities (5) Low risk. 
Support for Industrial Accident Victims (3) Low risk. 
Protection of human rights of local residents Respect for human rights of local residents (6) Low risk. 
Protection of residents' intellectual property rights (2) Low risk. 
Protection of customer human rights Compliance with consumer protection(5) Low risk. 
Measures in case of product defect (2)
Consumer Privacy (6) Low risk *Divided into low risk (excellent level), potential risk (moderate level), and high risk (improvement needed)


86 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
As a result of the risk check, we established risk mitigation plans for two business sites with potential risk levels, and we will continue to pay attention to areas identified as potential risk groups and take improvement measures. Regarding the protection of pregnant women with occupational safety guarantee classified as a potential risk group, we introduced exclusive seat belts on commuter buses for pregnant employees and improved cafeteria menus.
In addition, we conducted online human rights training for expatriates to improve human rights risks at overseas business sites. In 2022, we plan to strengthen global human right risk monitoring to reduce potential risks at all Kia business sites.
Grievance Reporting System. 
Kia operates an online/offline grievance reporting system to create a healthy working environment. For online, we provide support for easy access for all employees by constantly exposing the "One-Click HR" banner, a grievance handling system, on the main screen of Autoway, Kia's intranet. When a grievance is received on various topics, such as workplace change, improving the workplace atmosphere, and violating company rules, the person in charge of each division provides prompt feedback. In 2021, 13 complaints were received, and the grievance officers offered immediate feedback on 7 cases of workplace change, 3 cases of workplace atmosphere improvement, 1 case of company rule violation, and 2 HR system recommendations.
The One-Click HR system guarantees the anonymity of the reporter and protects them legally and institutionally from any disadvantages such as human rights violations.
In addition, we are operating the 'Cyber Audit Office,' an intranet reporting system at the Hyundai Motor Group level. The 'Cyber Audit Office' is available when any customer or stakeholder, including Kia members, witnesses a violation of the Code of Ethics or wants to receive advice. (audit.hyundai.com) The 'Cyber Audit Office' also supports both Korean and English, enabling us to conduct various opinions and monitoring activities. As for offline, we run a grievance counseling center by sector to receive reports of sexual harassment and workplace harassment.
Managers in charge of each area at the Grievance Handling Counseling Center make efforts to prevent and resolve issues related to workplace sexual harassment and workplace harassment by department managers. In case of sexual harassment in the workplace, we apply the principle of zero tolerance to the perpetrator and implement segregation measures to prevent further harm. Regarding the five cases of sexual harassment and harassment in the workplace that occurred in 2021, we applied the principle of zero tolerance to the perpetrators and imposed punishments such as termination of the employment relationship and severe punishment. To prevent further damage to victims, we implemented measures such as their separation and transfer to the desired department.
Furthermore, we designate female managers in charge of the counseling center to protect female workers. In 2021, we sent a cooperation letter related to the 'Pregnant Female Employee Support System and the Labor Standards. 
Act' to all grievance counseling centers. We improved employees' awareness of the Labor Standards Act and the support system applicable to pregnant female employees, such as maternity leave and reduced work hours. In addition, by operating an online/offline counseling center as a support program for Kia members, we provide free 1:1 counseling and psychological testing to relieve employees' work stress and interpersonal relationships.
Report Processing Procedure. 
Receipt Content confirmation. 
Investigation start. 
Investigation end. 
Closing Process result feedback


87 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Customers. 
Establishment of a Customer-oriented Management Organization. 
For customer-oriented management, Kia installed an organization that analyzes various incoming VOCs and establishes follow-up measures. The organization identifies new vehicle/AS/quality VOCs coming in through various channels and analyzes major issues and trends based on this to identify current problems and improve current issues so that they do not repeat themselves. To this end, after defining 91 dissatisfaction scenarios, the policy direction was changed or newly established to change to a customer-oriented CX (Customer Experience).
In addition, we plan to operate separate management indicators and programs by analyzing customer groups who frequently complain. Through this, we aim to secure early response capabilities before complaints spread. Kia plans to continue operating internal campaigns and training on a quarterly basis this year to internalize new policies.
Customer Satisfaction Improvement. 
Kia strives to provide a differentiated experience to customers around the world. Every year, Kia requests a customer satisfaction (CSI) survey to an external professional agency to diagnose and improve problems in sales and service sites from the customer's point of view. We also conduct monthly e-mail surveys of new car delivery and maintenance on target customers, and the results are transparently communicated to the responsible department. The Kia Customer Center has improved customer convenience by expanding consulting services in new areas such as car rental and test drive reservations. In the early stages of the spread of COVID-19, we preemptively promoted the dual counselor worksites and introduced a work-from-home system to create an environment where customers can receive counseling regardless of time and place. Furthermore, based on systematic customer response guidelines, we are conducting attitude surveys on customer response (8 times a year) and phone response (4 times a year) for all our bases. The results of the surveys are disclosed to all employees of relevant departments, and customer service training is conducted based on the results and self- improvement activities. We are forming a consensus with customers through 'Empathy CS,' an on-site training that combines customer-centered cases and participatory programs. In 2021, due to the prolonged COVID-19 outbreak, we provided non-face-to-face training for 9,133 field managers 789 times to enhance service capabilities. Kia conducts service training not only in Korea but also overseas. Kia conducts annual customer service skills and job expertise improvement training for overseas dealer sales/service personnel. In 2021, we introduced a specialized training program for product experts to secure customer-oriented sales expertise. Also, Kia responds immediately and specifically to customer inquiries by activating an advance information search before visiting dealers. We help customers select a vehicle by providing a customized Lifetime Service and strive to provide customers with a positive brand experience during vehicle operation (ownership).
To manage the performance of these activities, we plan to focus on providing customer experience by introducing the customer retention ratio of major countries (USA / Canada / Mexico / Australia) as a critical management indicator. In particular, in line with the launch of EV6, we are sequentially conducting various types of EV-specialized training for overseas dealer sales/service personnel. Kia is preparing for the Online EV Skill World Cup in June 2021, where 16 mechanics from 16 European countries will remotely diagnose domestic EV vehicles in Europe through a platform called 'MRS.' Furthermore, we plan to launch educational content and applications using VR globally to enhance a differentiated educational environment and improve service quality based on customer priority.
External Awards and Survey Results Related to Customer Satisfaction 1st place in the 2021 National Customer Satisfaction Index (NCSI)
RV (5 consecutive years)
Light (6 consecutive years)
Mid-size category. 
An excellent call center in the service quality index (NCSI) of the Korean industry in 2021 (18 consecutive years) 1st place in automotive after-sales service quality (8 consecutive years) 1st place in the automobile sales service sector in the 2021 Korea Service Quality Index (KS-SQI) * Customer Recommendation Intention Rate: The survey evaluates to what extent customers intend to recommend a salesperson in charge to their acquaintances within one month of shipment. On a scale of 1 to 10, the closer to 1, the higher the recommendation intention rate. (domestic)
Customer Satisfaction Survey* 2018 2019 2020 2021 (Unit : Points) 2.29 2.16 2.09 1.99


88 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Customer Information Protection. 
Kia has established a dedicated organizational system to effectively protect customer information such as name and contact information and the vast amount of data generated by the connectivity service by launching a new personal information protection center apart from the operation of the existing Personal Information Protection. 
Committee.
In addition, Kia conducts regular information security education for its employees and conducts frequent self- inspection of the operating system. Kia is undergoing annual verification of ISO 27001 (Information Security. 
Management System), striving to prevent personal information accidents and use data safely.
Marketing Communications and Product Labeling. 
Number of Customer Privacy Violations 2019 2020 2021 2025 mid-to-long-term goals 1 0 0 0. 
Number of complaints with evidence of loss of customer information 2019 2020 2021 2025 mid-to-long-term goals 0 0 0 0. 
Efforts for Product Safety and Quality. 
Classification Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Total number of recalled vehicles 10 thousand vehicles 191 102 200 328. 
Number of compulsory (involuntary) recalled vehicles 0 0 0 0. 
Number of voluntary recalled vehicles 191 102 200 328. 
Costs incurred due to total recall KRW 100 million 1,402 384 831 2,018. 
Training hours per employee related to product quality* Hour 25.7 23.8 23.9 6.8 credits. 
Commitment to Customer Safety and Product Quality. 
Kia carried out a voluntary recall of 3.28 million units and obtained ISO 9001 (quality management system) certification for 100% of its facilities, fulfilling its promise to customers that it will not compromise on customer safety and quality. • Product information : ID label (WVTA certification number, weight, etc.) • Fuel, electric charging information : fuel type label, electric charging method label (PHEV, electric vehicle only), hydrogen fuel label for hydrogen fuel cell vehicle • Product safety : airbag warning label, spare tire (when provided) speed label, ISOFIX anchor label, high voltage component label, etc.
• Product information : Monroney label (Vehicle Price List (MSRP) label, indicating fuel efficiency (electricity consumption), NCAP rating, and percentage of parts made in North America, etc.) • Fuel economy (environmental) information : VECI label (indicating emission gas certification information), refrigerant label, mercury-content label, etc.
• Product safety : Certification label (self-certification label), Tire Placard (tire pressure label), VIN label (Vehicle Information Number), anti-theft label, airbag warning label, etc.
• Product information : European specification ID label + Russian certification label (EAC) • Product safety : Consumer safety warning/information phrases provided in native language (Russian/Turkish, etc.) • Product information : ID label, VIN (W/screen), anti-theft label • Fuel economy (environmental) information : fuel economy label • Product safety : CCC label, CRS warning airbag label, temporary spare tire (when provided), speed label • Product information : self-certification label (year of manufacture, total vehicle weight, vehicle identification number, vehicle model, vehicle name, tire, etc.), recommended air pressure label • Fuel economy (environmental) information : fuel economy labels, emission-related signs • Product safety : airbag warning label, ISOFIX anchor label, high voltage parts label, hydrogen fuel label for hydrogen fuel cell vehicle. 
Europe (EU)
North America (US/Canada)
Russian Federation/ Eastern Europe. 
China. 
Korea * The counting method of training hours was changed from 2021 by conducting non-face-to-face e-learning courses : training hours per person → credit completion system (1 credit is awarded for competing 1 course)


89 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Local Community. 
Social Contribution Strategy. 
Today, the world faces an uncertain future for humans, the environment, and the planet due to various social issues. As a mobility company that is creating a new definition of mobility, Kia will lead the creation of new social values for future generations through people-centered mobility that transcends physical and environmental constraints.
CSR Mission & Value Kia’s social contribution vision, 'Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider', is embedded in Kia’s belief that sustainable mobility can contribute to the free and safe movement of mankind. Kia minimizes the negative impact on humanity and the environment by focusing on resolving social issues of 'environment' and 'mobility' and we are striving to realize the core CSR values of 'Clean', 'Limitless' and 'Safe'. To be reborn as a society where everyone can move freely and safely, including customers, employees, and local communities, we will present clear standards.
Corporate Vision-based CSR Value Creation Activities Kia has reorganized its social contribution system and advanced its overall business accordingly to actively respond to common social issues of 'environment' and 'mobility,' in line with its vision of providing sustainable mobility solutions based on the basic principle of an eco-friendly strategy. 
Social Contribution Value Creation System. 
Contribute to the free and safe movement of humankind through sustainable mobility. 
Vision. 
Mission. 
Core area. 
CSR Value. 
Sustainable Mobility Solutions Provider. 
Eco-friendly Movement with freedom and safety. 
Environment Movement. 
Eco-environmental activities The Georgia plant in the United States created a natural resource protection fund to support the company’s sustainable eco-environment conservation activities with the Georgia local government and businesses. In addition,
Kia raised a small fund to support the planting of mangrove trees effective for carbon absorption and removal of disturbed plants in the Han River to protect the native ecosystem through its in-house donation platform called. 
K-Nanum Together in Korea. Kia plans to promote more diverse ecological environment improvement activities at domestic and overseas in 2022 when COVID-19 is likely to be alleviated.


90 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Social Contribution Activities by Domestic and Overseas Business Sites. 
Domestic Business Sites Overseas Business Sites. 
Yangjae (Headquarters) • Kia Frentoring Support for career/employment mentoring for youths outside of education • Local community : Crime Victim Support,
Collaborative Campaign with Local. 
Cooperative Organizations, etc.
Domestic Business Headquarters • Good Mobility Campaign (Social Venture. 
Startup Support, Future Tech Education for. 
Youth), Kia Inspiring Class (Youth Online Career. 
Mentoring Program) • K-Mobility Care (Support for maintenance of old vehicles for social welfare centers and low- income families)
Autoland Hwaseong • Kia Challenge ECO Project : Environmental education and practice program for elementary and college students in Hwaseong- si by age • Local community : Youth support/Culture support/Support for people of national merit. 
Autoland Gwangmyeong • Kia Challenge Key Academy : Learning support for low-income youth • Local community : Support for local NGOs/
Kimchi support for low-income families/Support for the socially disadvantaged. 
Autoland Gwangju • Kia Challenge Dream Concert/Culture and. 
Art Education : Gwangju City Youth Cultural. 
Education and Experience Program • Local community : Support for local. 
NGOs/Support for the socially disadvantaged/
Resolve environmental complaints. 
Kia China (KCN) • Activity area : Mobility/Ecology/Rural. 
Development • Representative activity : car and traffic safety education for elementary school students, forest creation project. 
Kia India (KIN) • Activity area : Mobility/Greenery Creation/
Educational Environment Improvement • Representative activity : mobile library/safe driving education/automobile maintenance education/creation of green space near business sites. 
Kia USA (KUS) • Activity area : Mobility/Healthcare/Community • Representative activity : B.R.A.K.E.S (juvenile safe driving education)
Kia AutoLand Georgia (KaGA) • Activity area : Mobility/ecological environment/ educational environment improvement • Representative activity : Support for movement of low-income cancer patients/environmental conservation and Net-Zero research fund support, etc.
Kia Mexico (KMX) • Activity area : Mobility/Ecology/Healthcare • Representative activity : Mobile library/Public vehicle donation/Pet bottle cap recycling campaign. 
Kia Autoland Slovakia (KaSK) • Activity area : Mobility/Ecology/Rural. 
Development • Representative activity : BIKE KIA


91 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Social Contribution Performance (Unit : Person, Hour) Employee Volunteering. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Annual number of participants 13,460 9,037 3,946. 
Total participation time 41,589 27,702 17,608. 
Participation time per person* 1.17 0.79 0.50 (Unit : KRW million) Social Contribution Expenses by Theme. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Social Welfare 9,759 9,595 9,586. 
Education, School and Academic Research 2,647 2,562 2,095. 
Culture Arts and Physical Education 1,412 1,152 2,305. 
Environment 223 343 2,006. 
Emergency and Disaster Relief 489 1,707 211. 
International activities 2,468 1,014 400. 
Etc 6,807 8.275 1,839. 
Sum 23,803 24,648 18,442 (Unit : KRW million) Association Donations. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
Total amount 7,284 3,325 3,645. 
Major sponsoring organizations Foundation of Korea Automotive Parts Industry Promotion 1,500 1,500 1,500. 
Korea Automotive Technology Institute (Katech) 243 243 243. 
Korea Traffic Disabled Association 60 60 70 (Unit : KRW million) Social Contributions Expenditure by Type. 
Classification 2019 2020 2021 Note. 
Cash donation 23,803 24,648 18,442. 
In-kind donation* -
Employee volunteer hours 1,810 1,255 882 Monetary value conversion of employee volunteer hours. 
Management overhead** - * Purchasing goods and services on behalf of NGO based on the cash payment of donations ** None * Participation time per person : Total hours of social contribution divided by the number of domestic employees in the year


92 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Kia Slovakia. 
A Responsible Corporate Citizen from Slovakia. 
Kia Slovakia strives to fulfil the company’s vision and create sustainable mobility solutions for customers. In addition to these efforts, Kia will simultaneously promote sustainable production using clean energy and recyclable materials. At the same time, Kia Slovakia is determined to be a responsible corporate citizen. Achieving this goal is beneficial not only for the Zilina region, but for all of Slovakia, whether looked at from an economic or social perspective. Thus, a great deal of attention is paid to human resources, education, health, environment and safety, fair and ethical business practices, and customer and supplier care.
Human Resources. 
Kia Slovakia has maintained stable employment, as of December 31, 2021 representing 3,466 employees with their average age 39 years; the average length of time worked in Kia Slovakia reached 12 years. The human resources policy at Kia Slovakia stands on the following basic pillars: employee care, transparent communication with employees on horizontal level, a highly competitive remuneration and performance evaluation system, especially for operators, a wide range of benefits used in free time as well as improvement of conditions for employees.
The company uses a system of internal rotations, which will continue as one of the ways how employees can develop, acquire new skills and learn about other processes not only in car production. Through joint seminars with employees aimed at involving employees in internal decision-making processes. Since 2005, a unique concept of counselling rooms so-called Harmony rooms located directly in production shops have been utilized. In these rooms, employees can actively participate in improving work environment and workplace relationships. In 2021,
Kia Slovakia won the PricewaterhouseCoopers Slovensko´ award called HR Leading Organization - the organization with the best human resources management in the manufacturing sector in Slovakia.
Education. 
The year 2021 was marked by many changes, including employee training program. We have continued in a stabilization of employee development in the online environment and new development approaches. In 2021, the Education & Training Department and its internal customers jointly worked on knowledge and skills focused on performance and their values. Working with individuals and concentrating on self-knowledge was linked to teamwork and benefits for the company. Employees had the opportunity to participate in various development programs, such as coaching, mentoring, and focusing on their strengths and working with them, and training led by Kia Slovakia employees in the role of experts. The individual teams addressed their development needs from different angles, focusing on their needs and visions, and they participated in a pilot training focused on concentration to increase efficiency. The management staff also focused on team collaboration, including active discussion with external dignitaries. The program for production employees (Happy chair) has also changed, allowing them to focus more on their work, benefits for their team and private life. Kia Slovakia constantly strives to support creativity, innovation, and other perspectives to a common goal. In this innovative learning organization, applying the 70/20/10 method is critical and supports the preservation of knowledge in society.
During the past year, development activities were provided to more than 1,070 employees for 19,300 training hours without mandatory legal courses, the participation of which is evaluated regularly. In addition to the above, orientation programs, work-related training, competency development and language and computer courses were implemented.


93 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Safety at Work. 
The year 2021 was held in the spirit of prevention and measures against the spread of Covid 19. At the beginning of the year, the company successfully implemented internal testing of all employees and suppliers, testing about 4,000 people every week. Therefore, the production of cars and engines was not endangered throughout 2021 due to the positivity of Kia Slovakia employees. To increase coronavirus resistance, the Safety & Enviromental. 
Department of Kia Slovakia, in cooperation with the Žilina self-governing region authorities, organized vaccination for employees and suppliers directly in the plant premises through the Vakci Zuzka mobile vaccination unit. Such mobile vaccination visited Kia Slovakia twice. In the area of accidents, the factory copied the previous year, having one registered occupational injury with incapacity for more than three days and 40 registered occupational accidents without incapacity for work. Kia Slovakia owes these numbers to significant safety investments, such as implementation of innovative safety devices in forklifts and logistics processes as well as installation of several manipulators and robots, replacing the manual performance of heavy work with loads. The launch of a healthy rotation based on HQS (Health and Quality System) calculations was implemented in the Assembly shop, ensuring our employees are less and less exposed to work in a risky position with physical exertion.
Environment. 
Environmental aspects – environmental protection Following the Kia Group's long-term vision for sustainability and a climate-neutral economy, as well as the environmental goals set at the European Union level, Kia Slovakia is aware of the related challenges and responsibilities.
Kia Slovakia's environmental policy is based on Kia Corporation's corporate policy principles communicated at the end of 2020, where people and the environment are a priority. The primary vision is to minimize polluting emissions, save energy and actively implement environmentally friendly technologies in all production areas.
The first area is environmental awareness, management and cooperation. The aim is to raise environmental awareness among all employees to understand how they can protect and improve the environment in their day-to- day work. It includes cooperation with all interested parties and transparent presentation of environmental performance indicators. The second area is energy saving and emissions reduction. The policy aims to reduce greenhouse gas and volatile organic compounds emissions, and to use more green technologies and improve the management system. The last area represents the view of waste as a new source. Waste is raw material and energy of the future; therefore, our priority is to not only get rid of it, but also seek ways to reuse it, recycle it, and use it for energy. We support so-called circular economy in order to preserve value of the products and materials as long as possible and thereby minimize the volume of waste.
In 2017, it was certified for a new revision of this standard. In 2021, the Environmental Management System was successfully recertified, which obliges the company to comply with legal requirements and improve environmental protection continuously, regularly assess environmental performance and increase the environmental awareness of all employees.
An important part of the system is also regular monitoring and evaluation of consumption of water, energy and materials as well as the amount of waste, wastewater and emissions produced in terms of conversion to produced vehicle, and adoption of environmental objectives to improve these indicators.
The company is a member of national and international environmental groups, such as membership in the. 
Legislative Commission of the Automobile Industry Association of the Slovak Republic, membership in European. 
Automobile Manufacturers Association working groups (industrial emissions, process chemicals, REACH), and others. Active participation in these clusters gives us the opportunity, for example, to comment on the legislation in preparation while carefully preparing for important legislation changes.


94 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
The goal of Kia Slovakia is to continuously improve the environmental management of the plant because environmental protection is one of the keys to successful business. On a quarterly basis, the company publishes on its website environmental reports containing indicators of industrial wastewater pollution as well as the amount and the way it handles the waste.
This is evidenced by the increased efficiency of the office waste separation system, in which the company is expanding the number of separated commodities. In 2019, the separation of biodegradable waste was introduced.
Currently, the offices separate plastic, paper, glass, metals, batteries and biodegradable waste. In the future, we are considering separations of some special parts.
The goal of Kia Slovakia is to continuously improve the environmental management of the plant because environmental protection is one of the keys to successful business. On a quarterly basis, the company publishes on its website environmental reports containing indicators of industrial wastewater pollution as well as the amount and the way it handles the waste.
This is evidenced by the increased efficiency of the office waste separation system, in which the company is expanding the number of separated commodities. In 2019, the separation of biodegradable waste was introduced.
Currently, the offices separate plastic, paper, glass, metals, batteries and biodegradable waste. In the future, we are considering separations of some special parts.
The company is a member of national and international environmental groups, such as membership in the. 
Legislative Commission of the Automobile Industry Association of the Slovak Republic, membership in European. 
Automobile Manufacturers Association working groups (industrial emissions, process chemicals, REACH), and others. Active participation in these clusters gives us the opportunity, for example, to comment on the legislation in preparation while carefully preparing for important legislation changes.
The goal of Kia Slovakia is to continuously improve the environmental management of the plant because environmental protection is one of the keys to successful business. On a quarterly basis, the company publishes on its website environmental reports containing indicators of industrial wastewater pollution as well as the amount and the way it handles the waste.
This is evidenced by the increased efficiency of the office waste separation system, in which the company is expanding the number of separated commodities. In 2019, the separation of biodegradable waste was introduced.
Currently, the offices separate plastic, paper, glass, metals, batteries and biodegradable waste. In the future, we are considering separations of some special parts.
Suppliers. 
Kia Slovakia takes its supplier chain very seriously, as our success and the quality of our products depend on the quality and excellent performance of our suppliers. When choosing a supplier, the company keeps three key things in mind: quality, delivery time, and price. Kia Slovakia organizes seminars and training sessions for suppliers during which we exchange information and strengthen mutual cooperation. Within Kia Slovakia, a distinction is made between direct (Tier 1) and indirect (Tier 2 and Tier 3) car parts suppliers.
For Tier 1 suppliers and also for Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers of the category of local and Korean localized suppliers (LP and KLP) three evaluation methodologies are used (Quality 5-Star, Delivery 5-Star, Technology 5-Star). Suppliers of technology, consumables/equipment and services are also evaluated and provided by with feedback so that the quality of goods, services and cooperation can be improved. Also, Kia Slovakia is fiscally responsible in terms of payment discipline. In fact, the company is adamant about paying suppliers on time and within the agreed upon contract period, general terms and conditions.


95 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Customer Care. 
Customer satisfaction is the main goal for Kia Slovakia and all its employees. A high level of quality is ensured by qualified and experienced employees in the entire production process, from the preparation and planning of production, through the actual production of cars to the final inspection of finished vehicles ready for shipment to customers. All manufactured cars meet the demanding legislative requirements of the European Union (EU) and other countries to which they are exported.
Kia Slovakia offers its products in Europe with a unique seven-year warranty - the longest provided by any car manufacturer in Europe. In addition, our Sales Department communicates regularly with our distributor’s network at regular conferences and meetings organized in cooperation with the European, Middle East Headquarters.
Customer satisfaction has the highest priority in our company.
Customer experience and Warranty claims are daily monitored and analyzed by Sales Management in order to respond to any special situations. By daily communication and well developed system tools we can ensure that we provide sufficient technical and material support to our dealerships all over the world. Based on current needs of any distributor Kia Slovakia organizes special investigations or support with our supplier in any areas. Because of very good location, we are able to visit most of our dealers if needed. By our daily communication, we can gather feedback on product quality and support overall cooperation in our company.
Making a Difference in the Community. 
Through the Kia Slovakia Foundation, Kia Slovakia has been developing public benefit activities in the Žilina region for eight years. In 2021, the Kia Slovakia Foundation redistributed more than 955,000 euros to implement green mobility projects, education development, health, social assistance, and community support.
Kia Slovakia is sensitive to the need for sustainability and green innovation, which allows development through partner projects and grant programs schemes. Therefore, more than 40% of the yearly budget was allocated to spread of bicycle transport and infrastructure in the Žilina region. In addition to projects completion, we also supported the European. 
Mobility Week and Our City campaigns. The foundation also carried out a volunteering activity of cleaning the surroundings of the. 
Water dam Žilina and managed to remove waste that polluted its surroundings with the help of volunteers.
Mobility 424,356 euros. 
Free system of shared bicycles, co-financing of the construction of the project Cyklomagistrála Terchovská Dolina, construction of a pump track. 
Education 153,029 euros. 
Technical corners in kindergartens, tools for technical teaching in primary and secondary schools, online educational software. 
Community 377 689 euros. 
Grant programs for the development of community organization, sports, and assistance to the disadvantaged, purchase of medical devices and equipment for the needs of regional hospitals


96 Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE. 
Materiality Assessment Management Approach Governance Economy Environmental Social. 
Community support Actively seeking for the needs of people and the environment where they live is a natural part of the foundation's activities. Through grant programs Volunteering, Sports in the Region, or Advent Calendar, foundation supports environmental initiatives, sports development, health protection, and social assistance to the disadvantaged. For a long time now, it has paid attention to helping disabled athletes or children with various types of diseases. To support this group, a virtual run of the Kia Foundation was organized. Thanks to the public’s participation in sports activities, it was possible to support civic associations dedicated to families with Down syndrome with 10,000 euros. As a long-term partner of regional hospitals, in 2021, Kia Foundation provided ultra-sonographic devices for differential diagnostics. Foundation finalized 2021 by purchasing coffee machines, massage chairs, and bathrobes for paramedics working in COVID departments. Foundation also arranged the free rental of a Kia Sportage car to the Žilina hospital’s medical staff.
Cooperation with Schools. 
Kia Slovakia is aware of the importance of cooperation across educational institutions, including universities, secondary schools, primary schools, and partner organizations. Linking the dynamic requirements of industry with the educational programs of schools and their technical equipment is an integral part of the integration. In addition to developing students as the next generation, Kia Slovakia also focused on teachers and technical support of schools through the Kia Foundation. Together with partner schools across the Žilina Region - Secondary Vocational. 
School of Mechanical Engineering in Kysucké Nové Mesto, Joint School in Martin and three Žilina schools -
Secondary Vocational School of Electrical Engineering, Secondary Vocational School of Transport and Business. 
Academy, we form one of the pillars of employment opportunities for future graduates. Kia Slovakia can find a wide range of applications.
Since the beginning of the new school year, a new four-year Autotronic study has been opened in cooperation with the Secondary School of Mechanical Engineering in Kysucké Nové Mesto, reflecting current production trends such as automation and electrification. Internal trainers, who accompany students throughout the practical teaching, both professionally and personally, intensively care for them.
Internal trainers are also responsible for the adaptation of newly hired employees, thanks to which the adaptation process has improved and thus their readiness in the production company has increased.
In 2021, cooperation was also established with talented university students involved in the Kia Slovakia scholarship program. The condition for obtaining the scholarship was excellent study results and internship during the study.
Future engineers work in specialist positions in production and the Human Resources Department. The project of qualification advancement continued, where selected employees, with the employer’s support, studied engineering specialization at the university. Kia Slovakia participated in solving practical project assignments in the field of production and quality in the form of bachelor and diploma theses. 
Due Fulfilment of Obligations. 
Kia Slovakia follows and fulfils all legal obligations, such as filing reports and payment of taxes, insurance and all other obligations under VAT, customs duties and employee-related duties. The company observes the obligations under the statutory audit act, whereby the legally stipulated functions of the audit committee rest with the company’s supervisory board. Kia Slovakia has identified the end-user benefits and, under the law, is registered in the public sector partner register. In 2021, the company did not incur an obligation to pay a contractual penalty due to non-compliance with contractual obligations. In addition, the labor inspection authorities did not find any breaches of labor relations.
2,500 kilometers run for children with Down syndrome 614 granted new sports equipment 249 meters of the new pump track built 72 volunteer hours of Kia Slovakia employees dedicated to the community 68 medical devices and medical equipment 17 community projects aimed at protecting and creating the environment


Appendix. 
Summary of Business Performance. 
GRI Standards Index. 
SASB Index. 
WEF Contents Index. 
Independent Assurance Statement. 
About MOVE. 
Contact Information 98 99 103 104 106 108 109. 
Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 97. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 98. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information. 
Summary of Business Performance (as of Dec. 31, 2021)
Accounts 2019 2020 2021. 
Assets. 
I. Current assets 21,555,416 26,093,382 29,205,483. 
II. Non-current assets 33,789,382 34,397,061 37,644,514. 
Total assets 55,344,798 60,490,443 66,849,997. 
Liabilities. 
I. Current liabilities 17,276,646 21,097,589 21,562,636. 
II. Non-current liabilities 9,090,014 9,501,182 10,374,805. 
Total liabilities 26,366,660 30,598,771 31,937,441. 
Capital. 
I. Common stock 2.139.317 2,139,317 2,139,317. 
II. Additional paid-in capital 1,560,650 1,560,650 1,560,650. 
III. Retained earnings 26,056,216 27,173,417 31,682,932. 
IV. Accumulated other comprehensive income -716,971 -920,638 -406,392. 
V. Other capital items -61,074 -61,074 -66,078. 
VI. Non-controlling interests -2,127. 
Total capital 28,978,138 29,891,672 34,912,556. 
Total liabilities and equity 55,344,798 60,490,443 66,849,997. 
Shareholders’ equity ratio (equity/asset) 52.36% 49.42% 52.23%
Debt to equity ratio (debt/equity) 90.99% 102.37% 91.48%
Summary of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and Key Ratios (Unit : KRW million)
Accounts 2019 2020 2021. 
Cash flows from operating activities 3,610,658 5,423,896 7,359,670. 
Cash flows from investing activities -1,104,190 -2,864,853 -4,423,910. 
Cash flows from financial activities -726,303 3,517,283 -1,620,519. 
Effect of exchange rate changes in foreign currency denominated cash 195,892 -184,345 57,772. 
Net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents 1,976,057 5,891,981 1,373,013. 
Net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the term 2,292,659 4,268,716 10,160,697. 
Net increase or decrease in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the term 4,268,716 10,160,697 11,533,710. 
Consolidated Cash Flow Chart (2021) (Unit : KRW million)
Accounts 2019 2020 2021. 
Sales 58,145,959 59,168,096 69,862,366. 
Cost of sales 48,766,570 49,222,564 56,937,165. 
Gross profit 9,379,389 9,945,532 12,925,201. 
Operating profit 2,009,680 2,066,457 5,065,685. 
Earnings before income taxes 2,531,104 1,841,358 6,393,781. 
Income tax expenses 704,445 353,773 1,633,470. 
Net income 1,826,659 1,487,585 4,760,311. 
Summary of Consolidated Income Statement (Unit : KRW million)
Classification Unit 2019 2020 2021 Rate of change. 
Sales volume 1,000 vehicles 2,821 2,607 2,776 6.50%
Sales KRW trillion 58.1 59.2 69.9 18.10%
Operating profit 2 2.1 5.1 145.10%
Sales Performance Results * The number of vehicles sold is based on local wholesale sales (CKD sales are included)
Classification 2019 2020 2021. 
HEV 102,384 117,162 142,089. 
PHEV 27,225 39,208 66,457. 
EV 26,668 54,093 106,218. 
Total 156,277 210,463 314,764. 
No. of Eco-Friendly Vehicles Sold (In retail) (Unit : Vehicles)


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 99. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information. 
GRI Standards Index. 
Universal Standards. 
GRI Standards Status Page Remarks Disclosure Indicators 102-1 Name of the organization ● 6 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services ● 6 102-3 Location of headquarters ● 7 102-4 Location of operations ● 7 102-5 Ownership and legal form ● 48 102-6 Markets served ● 55-58 102-7 Scale of the organization ● 6 102-8 Information on employees and other workers ● 75~76 102-9 Supply chain ● 23~24 102-10 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain ● - 102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach ● 51 102-12 External initiatives ● 59 102-13 Membership of associations ● 89 102-14 Statement from senior decision-m ● 4~5 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and opportunities ● 51~52 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior ● 11, 14 102-17 Mechanisms for advice and ethics concerns ● 50 102-18 Governance structure ● 46~47 102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics ○ -Kia official website 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees ● 46~47 102-23 Chair of the highest governance body ● 46 102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body ● 46~47 102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance ◐ 48 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts ● 14, 47 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics ● 14, 47 102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting ● 14 102-33 Communicating critical concerns ● 14, 47, 51 ● Fully Reported ◐ Partially reported ○ Not reported (Global Reporting Initiative)


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 100. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information. 
GRI Standards Status Page Remarks Disclosure Indicators 102-35 Remuneration policies ● 48 102-40 List of stakeholder groups ○ -Kia official website 102-41 Collective bargaining agreements ● 76 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders ○ -Kia official website 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement ○ -Kia official website 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised ○ -Kia official website 102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements ○ -Business Reports 102-46 Defining report content and topic Boundaries ● 43~44 102-47 List of material topics ● 43~44 102-48 Restatements of information ● - 102-49 Changes in reporting ● - 102-50 Reporting period ● 108 102-51 Date of most recent report ● 108 102-52 Reporting cycle ● 108 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report ● 109 102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards ● 108 102-55 GRI content index ● 99~102 102-56 External assurance ● 106~107 ● Fully Reported ◐ Partially reported ○ Not reported


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 101. 
Topic Specific Standards _ Material Topics. 
GRI Standards Status Page Remarks Material Topics Disclosure Indicators. 
Creation and distribution of economic value 103-1,2,3 Management approach ● 44 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed ● 54~58 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change ● 62~66. 
Climate change management and response 103-1,2,3 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary, The management approach and its components, Evaluation of the management approach ● 44 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization ● 67 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions ● 66~67 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions ● 66, 68 305-4 GHG emissions intensity ● 67~68 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions ● 15, 65. 
Improving resource circulation and resource efficiency 103-1,2,3 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary, The management approach and its components, Evaluation of the management approach ● 44 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume ● 70. 
Supply chain ESG risk inspection and assessment 103-1,2,3 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary, The management approach and its components, Evaluation of the management approach ● 44 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria ◐ 23. 
Workplace safety and health 103-1,2,3 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary, The management approach and its components, Evaluation of the management approach ● 44 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system ● 80 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation ● 81 403-3 Occupational health services ● 83 403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety ● 82~83 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety ● 80, 83 403-6 Promotion of worker health ● 84 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked to business relationships ● 83. 
Employee competency development 103-1,2,3 Explanation of the material topic and its Boundary, The management approach and its components, Evaluation of the management approach ● 44 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee (by age, employee category) ◐ 77 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs ◐ 77 ● Fully Reported ◐ Partially reported ○ Not reported. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 102. 
Topic Specific Standards _ Non Material Topics ● Fully Reported ◐ Partially reported ○ Not reported. 
GRI Standards Status Page Remarks Disclosure Indicators 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures ● 49 205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken ● - 207-1 Approach to tax ● 51 303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts ◐ 72 303-3 Water withdrawal ● 69 303-5 Water consumption ◐ 69 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant air emissions ● 72 306-1 Water discharge by quality and destination ◐ 72 306-3 Significant spills ● 71 306-4 Transport of hazardous waste ● 73 307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations ● 60 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover (by age, gender, region) ● 75 401-3 Total number of employees that returned to work in the reporting period after parental leave (by gender) ● 80 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees ● 46, 75 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men ● 80 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken ● 86 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may be at risk ○ -No business sites and suppliers at significant risk identified 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor ○ -No business sites and suppliers at significant risk identified 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor ○ -No business sites and suppliers at significant risk identified 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples ○ -No incidents of violations occurred 411-2 Employee training on human rights policies or procedures ● 84 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs ◐ 90~91 415-1 Political contributions ○ -No political contributions made 416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories ● 88, 103 417-1 Requirements for product and service information and labeling ● 88 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data ● 88 419-1 Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area ● 52, 60. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 103. 
SASB Index. 
Accounting Metric Response. 
Product Safety TR-AU-250a.1 Percentage of vehicle models rated by NCAP* programs with an overall 5-star safety rating, by region * New Car Assessment Program. 
The percentages of vehicle models rated by NCAP programs with an overall 5-star safety rating are as follows Percentage of vehicle models with an overall safety rating of 5 stars : Korea (100%), U.S (50%)
TR-AU-250a.2 Number of safety-related defect complaints, percentage investigated There were 2,862 submissions about Kia to NHTSA VOQ* in 2021. All submissions related to Safety are investigated. * NHTSA VOQ : National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Vehicle Owners Questionnaire. 
TR-AU-250a.3 Number of vehicles recalled Total number of vehicles recalled : 328 million vehicles (Voluntary recalls)
Labor Practices TR-AU-310a.1 Percentage of active workforce covered under collective bargaining agreements 2021 : 81.3% (domestic)
TR-AU-310a.2 (1) Number of work stoppages and (2) total days idle No strike history of more than 1,000 people taking a break from work (domestic and overseas)
Fuel Economy & Use-phase Emissions TR-AU-410a.1 Sales-weighted average passenger fleet fuel economy, by region U.S. : 39.1MPG, China : 5.93 ℓ/100km. 
TR-AU-410a.2 Number of (1) zero emission vehicles (EV), (2) hybrid vehicles, and (3) plug-in hybrid vehicles sold Kia sold 106,218 units of EVs, along with 142,089 units of HEVs and 66,457 units of PHEVs in 2021.
TR-AU-410a.3 Discussion of strategy for managing fleet fuel economy and emissions risks and opportunities Increase sales of electrified vehicles and promote fuel efficiency improvement of internal combustion engines. 
Materials Sourcing TR-AU-440a.1 Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials As international eco-friendly policies are strengthening to respond to environmental issues in joint, purchase and use of sustainable raw material is required. As a sustainable mobility brand, recyclable and eco-friendly materials have been used for storage spaces and leather seats of EV6, which is a Kia’s dedicated electric vehicle model. We demand our suppliers to establish processes to verify the source regions and refineries of all minerals contained in their products, including conflict minerals(3TG; tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold). We also check whether raw materials are procured through internationally certified smelters, to enhance transparency in the raw material (mineral) procurement of suppliers.
Materials Efficiency & Recycling TR-AU-440b.1 Total amount of waste from manufacturing, percentage recycled The total amount of waste from manufacturing was 210,532 t, and 93.8% of the waste was recycled.
TR-AU-440b.2 Weight of end-of-life material recovered, percentage recycled The weight of recovered/recycled material depends on the infrastructure available for recycling in the geographic region of vehicle sold. In our major markets, around 95% of end-of-life materials are recycled or reused at their end of life.
TR-AU-440b.3 Average recyclability of vehicles sold 92.0% (including heat recovery)
Activity Metrics TR-AU-OOO.A Number of vehicles manufactured Kia manufactured 2,558,000 units of vehicles in 2021 globally (domestic : 1,399,000, overseas : 1,158,000)
TR-AU-OOO.B Number of vehicles sold Kia sold 2.961 million units of vehicles in retail, and 2.776 million units of vehicles in wholesale in 2021 globally.
Region Rate Model. 
Korea 1st grade Carnival. 
U.S. 5★ Telluride SUV FWD/AWD, Sedona MV FWD, Sportage SUV FWD/AWD, K5 4DR FWD, Stinger 4DR RWD/AWD 4★ Soul SUV FWD, Seltos SUV FWD/AWD, Forte 4DR FWD, Sorento SUV FWD/AWD, Sorento Hybrid SUV FWD, Niro Hybrid SUV FWD (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board)
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 104. 
WEF Contents Index. 
Theme Metrics Disclosure Page. 
Corporate Purpose Definition of Purpose The company’s stated purpose, as the expression of the means by which a business proposes solutions to economic, environmental and social issues. Corporate purpose should create value for all stakeholders, including shareholders. 4~5, 14. 
Quality of governing body Governance body composition Composition of the highest governance body and its committees by. 
Competencies relating to economic, environmental and social topics 47. 
Number of Executive or Independent directors 46. 
Independence 46. 
Tenure on the governance body 46. 
Number of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments, and the nature of the commitments 46. 
Gender 46. 
Stakeholder representation (ex. employee, government, community, Industry, etc.) 46. 
Stakeholder engagement Material issues impacting stakeholders A list of the topics that are material to key stakeholders and the company, 43. 
How the topics were identified and how the stakeholders were engaged 43. 
Ethical behaviour Anti-corruption Disclosure of Anti-corruption and compliance inspection status Number of anti-corruption and compliance inspection departments 49. 
Protected ethics advice and reporting mechanisms A description of internal mechanisms for Reporting concerns about unethical or unlawful behaviour and lack of organizational integrity. 86. 
Risk and Opportunity Oversight Integrating risk and opportunity into business process. 
Company risk factor and opportunity disclosures that clearly identify the principal material risks and opportunities facing the company specifically (as opposed to generic sector risks)
The company appetite in respect of these risks 51~52. 
How these risks and opportunities have moved over time and the response to those changes 51~52. 
Climate change Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions For all relevant greenhouse gases (e.g. carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, F-gases etc.), report in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tCO2 e) GHG Protocol Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 67~68. 
Estimate and report material upstream and downstream (GHG Protocol Scope 3) emissions where appropriate 68. 
TCFD implementation Fully implement the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 62~66. 
Disclose whether you have set, or have committed to set, GHG emissions targets that are in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement - to limit global warming to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C - and to achieve net-zero emissions before 2050 15~16, 66. 
Nature loss Land use and ecological sensitivity Report the number of sites owned, leased or managed in or adjacent to protected areas and/or key biodiversity areas. 
Freshwater availability Water consumption and withdrawal in water-stressed areas. 
Estimate and report the same information for the full value chain (upstream and downstream) where appropriate 69 (World Economic Forum)
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 105. 
Theme Metrics Disclosure Page. 
Dignity and equality Diversity and Inclusion (%) Percentage of employees per employee category By age group 75. 
By gender 75~76. 
By other indicators of diversity 76. 
Pay equality (%) Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration for each employee category by significant locations of operation for priority areas of equality. 
Women to men 80. 
Wage level (%) Ratio of the annual total compensation of the CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of all its employees, except the CEO 48. 
Health and Well-being Health and safety (%) An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’ access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services 84. 
The scope of access provided for employees and workers 84. 
Skills for the future Training Provided Average training and development expenditure per full time employee (total cost of training provided to employees divided by the number of employees) 77. 
Employment and wealth generation Absolute number and rate of employment Total number and rate of new employee hires during the reporting period By age group 75. 
By gender 75. 
By region 75. 
Total number and rate of employee turnover during the reporting period By age group 75. 
By gender 75. 
Economic contribution Direct economic value generated and distributed (EVG&D), on an accruals basis, covering the basic components for the organization’s global operations, ideally split out by :
Revenues 54. 
Operating Cost 54. 
Employee wages and benefits 54. 
Payments to shareholder and investor 48, 54. 
Payments to government (tax payment) 54. 
Community investment 54, 90~91. 
Innovation of better products and services Total R&D expenses Total costs related to research and development 56. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 106. 
Independent Assurance Statement. 
To Readers of Kia Sustainability Magazine 2022. 
Introduction Korea Management Registrar (KMR) was commissioned by Kia to conduct an independent assurance of its. 
Sustainability Magazine 2022 (the “Report”). The data and its presentation in the Report is the sole responsibility of the management of Kia. KMR’s responsibility is to perform an assurance engagement as agreed upon in our agreement with Kia and issue an assurance statement.
Scope and Standards Kia described its sustainability performance and activities in the Report. Our Assurance Team carried out an assurance engagement in accordance with the AA1000AS v3 and KMR’s assurance standard SRV1000. We are providing a Type 2, moderate level assurance. We evaluated the adherence to the AA1000AP (2018) principles of inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness and impact, and the reliability of the information and data provided using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index provided below. The opinion expressed in the Assurance Statement has been formed at the materiality of the professional judgment of our Assurance Team.
Confirmation that the Report was prepared in accordance with the Core Options of the GRI standards was included in the scope of the assurance. We have reviewed the topic-specific disclosures of standards which were identified in the materiality assessment process. We also confirmed that the report was prepared in accordance with the TCFD recommendations and SASB.
Limitations and Recommendations KMR’s assurance engagement is based on the assumption that the data and information provided by Kia to us as part of our review are provided in good faith. Limited depth of evidence gathering including inquiry and analytical procedures and limited sampling at lower levels in the organization were applied. To address this, we referred to independent external sources such as DART and National Greenhouse Gas Management System (NGMS) and public databases to challenge the quality and reliability of the information provided.
• SASB Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics • TCFD recommendations. 
As for the reporting boundary, the engagement excludes the data and information of Kia’s partners, suppliers and any third parties.
• GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards • Universal standards • Topic specific standards - Management approach of Topic Specific Standards - GRI 205 : Anti-Corruption - GRI 401 : Employment - GRI 405 : Diversity and Equal Opportunity - GRI 412 : Human Rights Assessment • Reviewed the overall Report; • Reviewed materiality assessment methodology and the assessment report; • Evaluated sustainability strategies, performance data management system, and processes; • Interviewed people in charge of preparing the Report; • Reviewed the reliability of the Report's performance data and conducted data sampling; • Assessed the reliability of information using independent external sources such as Financial. 
Supervisory Service’s DART and public databases.
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information. 
KMR's Approach To perform an assurance engagement within an agreed scope of assessment using the standards outlined above, our Assurance Team undertook the following activities as part of the engagement:


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 107. 
Conclusion and Opinion Based on the document reviews and interviews, we had several discussions with Kia on the revision of the Report.
We reviewed the Report’s final version in order to make sure that our recommendations for improvement and revision have been reflected. Based on the work performed, it is our opinion that the Report applied the Core. 
Option of the GRI Standards. Nothing comes to our attention to suggest that the Report was not prepared in accordance with the AA1000AP (2018) principles.
• Inclusivity. 
Kia has developed and maintained different stakeholder communication channels at all levels to announce and fulfill its responsibilities to the stakeholders. Nothing comes to our attention to suggest that there is a key stakeholder group left out in the process. The organization makes efforts to properly reflect opinions and expectations into its strategies.
• Materiality. 
Kia has a unique materiality assessment process to decide the impact of issues identified on its sustainability performance. We have not found any material topics left out in the process.
• Responsiveness. 
Kia prioritized material issues to provide a comprehensive, balanced report of performance, responses, and future plans regarding them. We did not find anything to suggest that data and information disclosed in the Report do not give a fair representation of Kia’s actions.
• Impact. 
Kia identifies and monitors the direct and indirect impacts of material topics found through the materiality assessment, and quantifies such impacts as much as possible.
Reliability of Specific Sustainability Performance In addition to the adherence to AA1000AP (2018) principles, we have assessed the reliability of economic, environmental, and social performance data related to sustainability performance. We interviewed the in-charge persons and reviewed information on a sampling basis and supporting documents as well as external sources and public databases to confirm that the disclosed data is reliable. Any intentional error or misstatement is not noted from the data and information disclosed in the Report.
Competence and Independence KMR maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures in accordance with ISO/IEC 17021·2015 - Requirements for bodies providing audit and certification of management systems. This engagement was carried out by an independent team of sustainability assurance professionals. KMR has no other contract with Kia and did not provide any services to Kia that could compromise the independence of our work.
July 2022 Seoul, Korea. 
CEO Eun ju Hwang. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 108. 
About MOVE. 
In 2022, Kia published ‘MOVE’, a sustainability report that contains Kia’s own efforts and achievements for sustainable development under the theme of ‘On the MOVE’, which expresses the active transformation into a sustainable company.
This report consists of the editorial section Magazine and the Fact Book section, making the interest issue materials accessible for the readers. This 2022 MOVE is our 20th edition in our annual publication series. We will continue to accurately deliver all sustainability issues of interests to our stakeholders in detail.
Reporting Standards 2022 MOVE was prepared in accordance with Core Option of the GRI* Standards within consideration of the TCFD, SASB, Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics by IBC of WEF, Sustainalytics, MSCI, DJSI report items. The relevant details can be found in the GRI Index, TCFD, SASB, and Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.
* GRI : Global Reporting Initiative. 
Reporting Assurance. 
All of the information disclosed herein is based on materials collected and verified by the relevant departments at Kia. The reliability of the report was assured through third-party verifier, Korea Management. 
Registrar. The details of assurance are stated on pages 98 and 99 of this report.
Reporting Scope & Period. 
The reporting period is from 2019 to 2021. Quantitative performance data displays the changing trends over the past three years showing detailed shifts in the results. For systems where the year of its adoption is clearly known, we added the base year in which the performance tracking of the system had originated.
In case the period of adoption or implementation is on or between 2021 and 2022, the results beginning from that year were tracked, and for the material changes, we included the performance data from 2018 to first quarter of 2022. The qualitative performance data focuses only on the activities and initiatives made during year of 2021. In regard to activities that have not changed since the adoption or implementation, the corresponding time period is indicated.
The reporting period corresponds to Kia’s fiscal year, a calendar from January 1 to December 31. There were no significant changes during the reporting period of Kia’s 2022 Sustainability Report.
Accounting Standards. 
Calculation of environmental and social investment costs meets the financial accounting standards verified by the BoD, Audit Committee, and external auditor, and was prepared based on the investment evaluation system introduced in 2004. Details about the environmental and CSR expenditures are specified in the. 
Environment and Local Communities pages of the Fact Book section. Regarding the number of vehicles sold, figures were calculated on retail* basis.
* Retail : Vehicles sold by dealers to end-customers. 
Reporting Scope & Boundaries. 
The applicable Kia entities subject to this report are Kia, subsidiaries for which Kia owns 50 percent or more of their shares and its overseas JVs subsidiaries, which include Kia headquarters, domestic business sites (e.g., AutoLand Gwangmyeong, AutoLand Hwaseong, AutoLand Gwangju, technology research centers and service centers), Dongfeng Yueda Kia (China), Georgia (U.S.), Slovakia, Mexico and India plants, and the overseas business sites of the overseas subsidiaries. Since the system for data aggregation expands from domestic business to overseas business sites, some of the data are limited to domestic business sites only. If the reporting scope is limited to domestic business sites or includes only some of the overseas business sites, then the corresponding description is indicated in the main body of the report or in the footnotes. Notably, the sales basis for counting the number of vehicles sold has changed from wholesale to retail, so part of the data may differ from those of the prior year’s report.
Contact Us. 
Visit our website for more details about Kia’s sustainability management practices.
Management and Product Information Business Reports Contact Point. 
Kia official website Financial Supervisory Service DART (Data Analysis, Retrieval and Transfer System)
Sustainability Management Team, Strategic Business Planning Division (contact information on the back cover)
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information


Appendix Introduction ESG Factbook MagazineㅣOn the MOVE 109. 
Economy/Governance. 
IIR GroupㅣSeong Kook JungㅣVice President. 
Financial Management GroupㅣSeung Joon KimㅣHead of Group. 
Strategic Business Planning TeamㅣSun Uk ParkㅣTeam Manager. 
IR TeamㅣHae In LeeㅣTeam Manager. 
Compliance Management TeamㅣSeong Woong KimㅣTeam Manager. 
IR TeamㅣIn Je ChaㅣSenior Manager. 
IR TeamㅣMin Ho LeeㅣManager. 
Strategic Business Planning TeamㅣJae Ho KangㅣSenior Manager. 
Compliance Management TeamㅣDoo Young CheonㅣSenior Manager. 
Strategic Investment TeamㅣSung Jin KoㅣSenior Manager. 
Tax TeamㅣSeung Yeon ChungㅣManager. 
Mobility Solution Biz CellㅣYeong Eun JooㅣManager eLCV Business TeamㅣJeong NhoㅣSenior Manager. 
R&D Technology Strategy TeamㅣYoung Tae KimㅣResearch Engineer. 
Autonomous Driving Planning TeamㅣDae Yeong LeeㅣSenior Manager. 
Infotainment Planning TeamㅣYou Hwan KimㅣSenior Research Engineer. 
Electronic Planning TeamㅣTae Hyun KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Robotics Planning TeamㅣHyung Taik ChoiㅣResearcher. 
ESG management. 
Strategic Business Planning DivisionㅣEui Chul JungㅣHead of Group. 
Strategic Business Planning GroupㅣDuk Hyun LeeㅣHead of Group. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣEun Ju LeeㅣTeam Manager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣHyun Tae NhoㅣSenior Manager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣJae Kang LeeㅣManager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣYeo Jin ChoㅣManager. 
Contact Information. 
Environment. 
Environmental, Health & Safety CenterㅣJeong Hyeon ChoㅣHead of Group. 
Environmental, Health & Safety Support TeamㅣKi Dong LimㅣTeam Manager. 
Environmental, Health & Safety Support TeamㅣYeong Hwan SeongㅣSenior Manager. 
Environmental, Health & Safety Support TeamㅣHyun Woo JeongㅣSenior Manager. 
Carbon Neutral Strategy TeamㅣKye Hwan RohㅣTeam Manager. 
Carbon Neutral Strategy TeamㅣSun Uk KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Carbon Neutral Strategy TeamㅣHyun Ji ChoiㅣManager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣWon Chan LeeㅣSenior Manager. 
Carbon Neutral Technology Innovation TeamㅣSung Jun HongㅣTeam Manager. 
Carbon Neutral Technology Innovation TeamㅣKyul HanㅣResearcher. 
EV Domestic Ecosystem Strategy TeamㅣJun Yeong BanㅣSenior Manager. 
EV B&E TeamㅣSun Yeong ChangㅣSenior Manager. 
Europe Regional Planning TeamㅣWoo Cheol ShinㅣSenior Manager. 
Regulation & Certification Team 2ㅣMin Seop KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Regulation & Certification Team 3ㅣJae Heon JungㅣResearcher. 
International Finance TeamㅣHee Seok ChaeㅣSenior Manager. 
Accounting TeamㅣYong Geon LeeㅣSenior Manager. 
Society. 
HR Strategy TeamㅣJi Hun ChangㅣTeam Manager. 
HR Strategy TeamㅣChang Min LeeㅣSenior Manager. 
Talent & Organization Management Team 1ㅣ Sol Gyu SongㅣManager. 
Talent & Organization Management Team 2ㅣYun Woo ShinㅣManager. 
HR Services TeamㅣWoo Hyuk ShimㅣSenior Manager. 
HR Services TeamㅣSeung Bin SongㅣManager. 
Safety Management Planning TeamㅣJae Hyung KimㅣTeam Manager. 
Safety Management Planning TeamㅣWon Geol SeoㅣSenior Manager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣYou Ra ChaeㅣManager. 
Sustainability Management TeamㅣSun Kyung LeeㅣManager. 
HRD Solution TeamㅣJi Yeon JeonㅣSenior Manager. 
Corporate Culture Design TeamㅣMoon Uk SeoㅣSenior Manager. 
Business Support TeamㅣKi Beom LeeㅣManager. 
Business Support TeamㅣHwi Hyung ParkㅣManager. 
Labor Relations Operations TeamㅣJi Sug SongㅣSenior Manager. 
Supplier Cooperation TeamㅣSung Hyun AhnㅣTeam Manager. 
Supplier Cooperation TeamㅣYeong Soo KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Supplier Cooperation TeamㅣMin Ok ParkㅣSenior Manager. 
Compliance Support TeamㅣAh Mi WooㅣSenior Attorney. 
Audit Planning TeamㅣSeung Gyeom RahㅣSenior Manager. 
Ownership Strategy TeamㅣKyung Jun OhㅣTeam Manager. 
Ownership Strategy TeamㅣMin Gu KangㅣSenior Manager. 
Customer Experience Planning TeamㅣJin Su JeongㅣManager. 
Korea Customer Value TeamㅣSe Min ChangㅣManager. 
Integrated VOC Development TeamㅣHye Ri KimㅣManager. 
Information Protection CenterㅣDae Yong KimㅣSeniorManager. 
Personal Information Protection CenterㅣJoon Hyeong KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Quality Planning TeamㅣMin Sung YuㅣSenior Manager. 
Quality Planning TeamㅣHee Jung ParkㅣManager. 
North America Market Analysis TeamㅣIn Hyung RyuㅣSenior Manager. 
Brand Management TeamㅣYu Jin LeeㅣSenior Manager. 
Design Supervision and Filming Cooperation. 
Design Management GroupㅣDae Shik ShinㅣSenior Manager. 
Digital Journal PR TeamㅣJae Woo KimㅣSenior Manager. 
Summary of Business Performance GRI Standards Index SASB Index WEF Contents Index Independent Assurance Statement About MOVE Contact Information