2021-2022. 
LG Display Sustainability Report


ABOUT THIS REPORT. 
Report Overview. 
This report is LG Display’s 11th Sustainability Report. The company publishes a sustainability report every year, and the 2020-2021 sustainability report was published in July 2021. Through this report, LG Display aims to share with various stakeholders the activities and achievements it has pursued to achieve its sustainability management goals over the past year. This report’s main focus is to increase information accessibility by providing quantitative and qualitative performance data of LG Display Sustainability Management in 2021 of each area, including environment, society, governance and economy. LG Display promises to actively communicate with stakeholders by publishing sustainability reports on a regular basis.
Scope & Period. 
This report covers LG Display's domestic (Headquarters, Magok LG Science Park, Paju, Gumi) and overseas (the Guangzhou cluster in China (GZ/CA/CO), Nanjing in China (NJ), Yantai in China (YT), and Haiphong in Vietnam (VH)) business sites, accounting for more than 75% of its business activities. Also, the report presents major sustainability management performances from January 1st, 2020, to December 31st, 2020. Quantitative performance includes data over three years so that trends can be identified. Some data partially includes performance of the first half of 2022.
Reporting Principle. 
This report was prepared in accordance with the Core Option of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the international standard guidelines for Sustainability Reports, and the integrated reporting framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC). is partially applied.
Report Verification. 
In order to ensure the reliability of the report, the report was verified by a thirdparty assurance organization, and You can find the verification results in the ThirdParty Verification Statement (see page 100-101).
COVER STORY. 
Scholarship project by LG Display executives ‘Wings of Hope Club’ scholarship student, Ju Sojung “You Dream, We Display”
This artwork depicts the vision of LG Display. Beyond the displays we face in our daily lives, there are possibilities and dreams as big as the universe. In this way, the image of whales flying freely in the sea of dreams beyond everyday life shows infinite possibilities like the universe (Display). It expresses how you can grow wings on the inside to make your dream come true.
* The Wings of Hope Club is a social contribution business project that supports the achievement of dreams of gifted youth in the arts, sports/science and engineering fields through a scholarship fund raised by LG Display executives and managers since 2011.
Annual Sustainability Report. 
Global Initiative Membership. 
If you want further information about LG Display, please visit www.lgdisplay.com.
If you have any questions about the Sustainability Report, please contact us via the contact information below.
ESG Strategy Team: 11th floor, LG Twin Tower East Building, 128 Yeoui-daero, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul (07336) 02)3777-0971 csr@lgdisplay.com


CONTENTS. 
CEO Message 5. 
Management Philosophy 6. 
Company Overview 7. 
Business Introduction 8. 
OVERVIEW. 
ESG Impact Highlight 14. 
Sustainability Management System 15. 
Implementation of UN SDGs 16. 
Materiality Assessment 17. 
Stakeholder Engagement 18. 
SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT. 
INTERACTIVE PDF USER GUIDE. 
The LG Display Sustainability Report is produced as an interactive PDF and includes functions such as page movement and shortcuts to related web pages.
Go to table of contents Go to cover page Go to Previous view. 
Print the page Go to the linked website. 
ENVIRONMENTAL. 
Climate Change 20. 
Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances 22. 
Water Resource Management 24. 
Waste Discharge and Management 25. 
Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification 27. 
Environmental Management System 30. 
Environmental Data 32. 
SOCIAL. 
Health and Safety 35. 
Supply Chain Management 39. 
Human Resource Management 47. 
Human Rights Management 53. 
Labor-Management Communication 56. 
Information Security and Personal Information Protection 58. 
Corporate Social Responsibility 60. 
Social Data 63. 
GOVERNANCE. 
Jeong-Do Management 69. 
Compliance Management 71. 
Board of Directors and Committees 72. 
Protection of Shareholder Rights 76. 
Risk Management and Crisis Management System 77. 
Governance Data 79. 
ECONOMIC. 
Financial Stability 81. 
Tax Policy 82. 
R&D and Quality Management 83. 
Management Innovation 86. 
Customer Value Innovation 88. 
Economic Data 89. 
APPENDIX. 
GRI Index 92. 
SASB Index 94. 
TCFD Report 95. 
Third-Party Verification Statement 100. 
Greenhouse Gas Verification Report 102


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 4 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
SECTION 1. 
OVERVIEW. 
With its differentiated technology and stable production capacity, LG Display continues conduct R&D, manufacturing, and sales of products leveraging display technologies such as TFT-LCD and OLED. We will continue to develop innovative products and strive to innovate customer value.
CEO Message 5. 
Management Philosophy 6. 
Company Overview 7. 
Business Introduction 8


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 5 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
CEO Message. 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our customers, business partners, shareholders, local community members, as well as our employees who unceasingly extend their trust in and encouragement to our company, as we strive towards being the “Best Display Solution” company.
Current business environment lays out unprecedented uncertainties and volatilities due to multiplex of issues arising spontaneously and simultaneously. Nevertheless, LG Display will continue to place ‘Customer Value’ as our top priority and carry out ‘Sustainability Management.’
We will establish a positive upside structure for growth and profitability founded upon Customer Value Innovation.
The greater the uncertainties and volatilities in the business environment, the greater is the importance of carrying out the business by having thorough understanding of the market and customers. Thus, LG Display will concentrate on ‘qualitative growth’ through Customer Value Innovation.
Here are our plans for each business sector. In large-sized OLED business, we will accelerate OLED popularization. Based on our fundamental competitiveness which is unrivaled to the next level, we will continually expand our market share in premium TV market, and pioneer new markets centered on gaming/transparent displays. Mid/small-sized business is a sector, when we take into account diversity of Customer Value and growth of the market, where its strategic importance will be signified all the more. In mid-sized business, we will proactively expand IT LCD business with competitiveness, and take the lead in mid-sized OLED market at the same time. Small-sized business will maintain profitability based on POLED’s differentiated competitiveness, and also establish foundation for a future new-technology business. Moreover, our plan is to actively grow auto business, which is a highly promising growth sector in the future.
With respect to business operation methods, we will expand the proportion of ‘order-based business’ which can create stable performance built on strategic collaboration with key-customers, and in ‘supply & demand-based business’, we will improve added-value and minimize volatility in management performance through advancements in technology and products.
Through business structure advancement and enhancement of fundamental competitiveness, we will grow and development to become a company that offers the best value to all stakeholders.
Based on eco-friendly technology and human-respect principles, we will practice ESG management.
LG Display will promote eco-friendly business practices based on technologyinnovation. We plan to reduce carbon emissions by 90% compared to 2014 by 2050 through capital expenditure to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases and expansion of conversion to new and renewable energy. In addition, we have achieved a waste recycling rate of 98.4% at our domestic business sites through the management of the 'Eco Index of Products'. Going forward, we plan to actively promote the development of more fundamental eco-friendly technologies through close industry-university-research cooperation.
Furthermore, we will build a win-win system throughout the industrial ecosystem along with management that respects human beings. For the safety and health of all employees in all business sites, we are actively promoting the ‘Four Major Safety Management Innovation Measures’, and we will create a workplace where talented people can work creatively and smartly through innovation in organizational culture and work methods. Also, by joining the ‘Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)’ and ‘UN Global Compact (UNGC)’, we are taking the lead in protecting the environment and human rights in the supply chain.
Finally, we will firmly support ESG management with a transparent and diversified governance structure. Last year, in order to strengthen the diversity and expertise of the BOD, a female ESG expert was appointed as an outside director, and such outside directors comprise our audit committee, through which we have further enhanced committee’s independence and international monitoring function. We will do our best transparently disclosing information in the future.
LG Display will become a company that makes a better future the reality for humanity. We will always adhere to the opinions of all stakeholders and endeavor to meet their expectations. We would appreciate your continued support and advice going forward.
July, 2022 LG Display CEO 01 02


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 6 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
Management Philosophy. 
With the goal of becoming “The Best Display Solution Company,” LG Display is striving to provide the best solutions for the future that customers dream of, surpassing products and technologies onto services. In an era when the demand for high value-added products is structurally expanding due to the acceleration of digital transformation and lifestyle diversification, we put customer value as the top priority in our business activities and carry out all business activities to achieve the vision of “You Dream, We Display.” LG Display will lead the display industry through not only customer value-oriented business activities, but also open collaboration based on expertise, meticulous preparation and thorough execution, and quick responses to changes.
The Best Display Solution Company. 
Behavior. 
Goal. 
Vision. 
Customer First. 
Prioritize customer value in all decision-making and tasks.
Open Collaboration. 
Collaborate across boundaries to accomplish higher level of objectives.
Thoroughness. 
Prepare and execute thoroughly to achieve the best results.
Insight Driven. 
Based on expertise, see through and understand the essence of phenomena, business changes and work identity to establish strategic alternatives.
Agility. 
Identify and respond to changes promptly.
The future you dream of, LG Display will make it come true.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 7 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
Starting with its TFT-LCD development in 1987, LG Display has become a global display company that produces and sells innovative displays and related products through differentiated technologies such as OLED and IPS. We continue to develop innovative new technologies such as Cinematic Sound OLED, in-TOUCH, etc. In various display products ranging from TV, IT and mobile to automobile and commercial display products. Also, to more closely address major target markets such as China, Europe, and North America, we have founded and operated production and sales subsidiaries, as well as branches all over the world. We will continue to lead the global display market and provide greater value to our customers based on our advanced technology and stable production capacity.
Company Overview. 
Osaka Tokyo. 
Manufacturing Bases Laboratory Branches Sales Offices. 
HQ (LG Twin Tower)
Magok LG Science Park. 
Paju Gumi. 
Nanjing Guangzhou (GZ) Guangzhou(CA) Guangzhou (CO) Yantai Shenzhen Beijing Qingdao Shenzhen Shanghai. 
Singapore. 
Penang. 
Haiphong. 
Eschborn Austin Houston Washington, D.C Detroit San Diego(SVC) San Jose. 
Global Network 8
8 9. 
Company LG Display. 
Address LG Twin Towers, 128, Yeoui-daero, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul. 
Main Business Research, development, manufacturing,and sales of display panels and related products. 
CEO President Ho Young Jeong. 
Date of Establishment February 1985. 
Number of employees 70,707 employees 38,155. 
Asset. 
Billion KRW 2,231. 
Operating Profit. 
Billion KRW 14,763. 
Equity. 
Billion KRW. 
As of 31.12.2021. 
Manufacturing Bases. 
Branches. 
Sales Offices


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 8 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
Business Introduction. 
The TV division is continuously improving customer value through customer-oriented thinking in all areas such as large-sized OLED, Life Display, LCD TV, and commercials. The large-sized OLED provides a thinner and clearer optimal TV viewing experience and is a display beyond a simple screen that pursues ‘Natural Reality,’ delivering information without distortion. In 2022, OLED TV released OLED.EX, a technological convergence based on 10 years of OLED panel development. Through the evolution of OLED devices, the evolution of algorithms, and the evolution of design, we continue to provide superior and high-quality experiences to consumers.
Life Display utilizes the high-definition, fast response speed, high transparency, slim & light design, and rollable characteristics that only OLED can provide to give customer-oriented products based on high transparency, gaming, etc. In the future, we plan to provide a new customer experience that transcends the boundaries of space by planning various types of personal devices that reflect consumers' new lifestyle trends.
The LCD TV provides superior value as a high value-added product that implements high color reproduction technology and a proprietary HDR (High Dynamic Range) algorithm through IPS Nano Colors. The commercial display communicates with customers in various fields and various ways. We provide superior products through Transparent OLED, tiling, gaming and LCD in-TOUCH, video wall, and signage based on the advantages of OLED. Through these business activities, the TV division is faithful to the essence of the business, while at the same time providing stakeholders with sustainable values that can lead the change in the world.
TV DISPLAY 1. 
OLED.EX is 30% brighter than existing OLED TV panels and the bezels are 30% thinner. By using heavy hydrogen (deuterium), the stability of the self-emissive device, the most important part to create OLED image quality, has improved. And OLED.EX implemented personalized algorithms that predict the usage of each device through machine learning.
Next-generation display ‘OLED.EX’ DETAIL. 
Transparent OLED, a product on another level that can only be created with OLED, will continue to break the boundary between the surrounding environment and the display to create a new space. With 45% transparency and clarity, Transparent OLED can provide new value to various living spaces.
Transparent OLED. 
In a gaming environment where realistic screens and immediate response time are important, Gaming OLED is a product that provides a different level of gaming experience with a picture quality even more vivid than reality and the world's fastest response time of 0.0001 seconds. OLED optimized for game content that provides selectable curvature and “Ludens Black” image quality that perfectly controls image glare provide maximized immersion to gamers in various usage environments.
Gaming OLED. 
LG Display unveils next-generation OLED TV display with improved picture quality. 
OLED 10 year evolution OLED TV panels obtain ‘Discomfort Glare Free’ verification from UL. 
Unveils Next-Generation OLED TV Display ‘OLED.EX’ Demonstrates Spatial Innovation Through Transparent OLED OLED is the Optimal Gaming Display


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 9 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
By supplying monitors, laptops, and industrial products, we are providing customers with premium products differentiated from other companies through original technology based on customer value.
Sales and operating profit of monitors and laptops significantly increased as COVID-19 changed people's lifestyle such as working from home and taking online classes. Also, the demand for high-end products is also continuously increasing.
In addition, under continuous partnerships with our main customers, we continue to lead in IPS and oxide technology-based premium products such as high resolution and large-sized OLEDs thereby strengthening the foundations for our business.
In response to the needs of experts who want to experience the difference in details on the screen, we develop/produce professional IT products based on clearer high-definition IPS Black technology that displays a blacker black.
IT DISPLAY 2. 
LG Display's HDR (High Dynamic Range)* products express deeper blacks and more vivid primary colors, and the Mini LED solution satisfies both high-definition and design differentiation for professionals.
* Technology that maximizes contrast ratio. 
Our slim and innovative designs offer the best aspect ratios for portability and space utilization, as well as for office work and multitasking.
IPS-based high-definition and excellent low-gradation expression make game screens with elaborate graphics look smooth. High-speed operation and highspeed response technology support speedy and pleasant gameplay.
In-TOUCH technology combined with the display panel is applied without using a separate touch panel. We provide light, thin, and delicate touch performance, as well as increased convenience by supporting the Active Pen.
DETAIL. 
Ultra-high-definition screen that captures fine details Ultra-high-definition screen that captures fine details HDR expressing lifelike clarity Design best suited for user environments IPS gaming display for victory Pen touch for convenience


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 10 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
The mobile division strives to provide innovative products that exceed the limits of resolution, power consumption and design through original technology based on customer value.
With a successful business structure change to POLED (Plastic OLED)*, the smartphone business continues to expand steadily and sales continue to grow. Through differentiated design, and obtaining power consumption technology and next-generation form factor technology such as foldables, we are also preparing to develop the growth engine of the future smartphone business.
* POLED (Plastic OLED): A panel with a high degree of freedom in design by using a plastic material as a substrate. 
MOBILE DISPLAY 3. 
DETAIL. 
POLED Display. 
In line with the characteristics of mobile products that are always carried by hand, larger and brighter screens were created with lower power consumption and innovative design.
To maximize the display area within the product, the smartphone's camera sensors are placed in the hole or notch area of the display to provide a fuller screen and increase immersion. Ultimately, we are preparing a full-screen display with no holes or notches.
OLED with a plastic substrate is thin and light. It can also be bent to a certain curvature, offering a higher degree of design freedom. This makes it an optimized product for mobile displays. In addition, it provides superior value with a high contrast ratio through perfect black and clearer and richer colors.
The optimization of the high-efficiency OLED display and driving frequency according to each scene allows for a brighter and clearer screen with a longer battery life.
Exceeding the limits of power consumption and design! Full screen display OLED, a step toward mobile innovation Groundbreaking low power consumption display


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 11 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
The commercial division is developing products that meet the rapidly changing needs of customers and users based on in-TOUCH, M+, and narrow bezel, which are three differentiating technologies in the LCD field. LG Display’s specialized OLED signage enables a natural reality experience based on picture quality unique to OLED, opening a more immersive and realistic signage era.
In particular, the in-TOUCH technology that internalizes the touch function into the panel and the M+ technology that adds White Sub-PXL are technologies that embody the company's ESG management philosophy such as reducing harmful substances and power consumption. We can assure you that this will be of great help to your business activities.
The first-generation digital signage technology, which was mainly used to transmit information in the past, is developing into a third-generation interactive device to actively respond to broadband communication and users and environments. LG Display is leading the future digital signage market through our unique differentiated technology and excellence in ESG.
COMMERCIAL DISPLAY 4. 
DETAIL in-TOUCH. 
The commercial OLED expresses natural colors as they are and implements infinite contrast ratio to provide a different level of vivid image quality. It is thin and light because there is no backlight, so various concave or convex shapes are possible. Also, the size can be expanded freely through tiling, which is changing the paradigm of the signage market. In addition, it is an eco-friendly product that does not use harmful substances such as cadmium and indium phosphide in expressing high color reproducibility.
Commercial OLED. 
M+ technology was combined with LG Display's IPS technology to show bright and clear images based on high transmittance, and power consumption was reduced by 65% compared to existing RGB models when using the same luminance. It supports stable product reliability even in outdoor environments and can be used for drive-through menu boards and outdoor billboards.
M+ Technology. 
A slim bezel design was made possible because there is no need for touch signal wiring. The touch layer is completely embedded inside the panel, so there is no deterioration of outdoor visibility due to sunlight reflection. This makes this technology applicable to various kinds of products such as electronic boards, kiosks, ISS (Interactive Smart Shelf), elevators, and vending machines. In addition, the amount of rare metal phosphorus needed was reduced to 70% or less compared to existing touch screens, and electricity and carbon emissions were successfully reduced by simplifying the production process.
in-TOUCH. 
By making the world's smallest bezel, we provide products optimized for large displays with minimal cutoff or distortion between screens (Bezel: 0.44mm). In addition, it is lighter than existing products, has superior rigidity, and is easy to install, so it can be freely expanded and used in places requiring extra-large screens, such as airports and control rooms.
World’s Narrowest Even Bezel


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 12 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Management Philosophy Company Overview Business Introduction CEO Message. 
AUTOMOTIVE DISPLAY 5. 
DETAIL. 
LG Display's glasses-free 3D products provide a variety of graphic designs with a sense of analog clusters and three-dimensional effects for each driving mode. 
The extra-large display provides a high-definition user experience and seamless design. in-TOUCH technology is the best touch solution that provides excellent picture quality and a narrow bezel.
For the display equipped in the passenger’s seat, the Switchable Privacy Mode technology that controls the viewing angle so as not to obstruct the driver’s view was applied. While parked or stopped, this display technology allows you to enjoy content with passengers through Share Mode.
Similar to rollable displays that can be pulled out and used only when the user wishes, P-OLED products offer an unparalleled design.
The auto division is striving to develop and produce displays that drivers and passengers can communicate with and enjoy, going beyond the role of displays that simply transmit information in the evolving automotive paradigm.
We are securing appropriate technologies and capabilities in order to apply displays to various areas on both the inside and outside of cars. We are leading the market by shifting from past low-resolution, small-size products to high-resolution medium/large-size products and securing OLED infrastructure and product technology that can make the products stand out in premium car lines. We will develop first-rate technology and products to provide the most outstanding display solutions that best suit future automobiles and lead future auto display trends.
Automotive Display POLED. 
Roll up. 
Roll Down. 
Off. 
On. 
LG Display wins presidential award for its automotive P-OLED at the Korea Technology Awards. 
CES2022 Electric Vehicle Concept Car 3D Digital Cluster Display Extra Large & in-TOUCH Display Front passenger's viewing angle control display Unparalleled design unique to OLED


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 13 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
SECTION 2. 
SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT. 
As a company that fulfills its environmental and social responsibilities, LG Display has selected key ESG areas and established an effective system to secure a growth engine. Going forward, we are committed to communicating with various stakeholders including our employees, partners and customers in order to create positive value in our business activities and business operation.
ESG Impact Highlight 14. 
Sustainability Management System 15. 
Implementation of UN SDGs 16. 
Materiality Assessment 17. 
Stakeholder Engagement 18


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 14 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Sustainability Management System Implementation of UN SDGs Stakeholder Engagement ESG Impact Highlight Materiality Assessment. 
ESG Impact Highlight 57.2GWh. 
Renewable Energy Conversion. 
Energy Consumption Reduction 450 million kWh Platinum Level. 
Yantai Base Attained Zero Waste to Landfill 98.4%
Waste Recycling Rate of Domestic Business Sites. 
ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE. 
Water Reuse Rate 181%
Percentage of ISO14001 Certifications Obtained at Domestic/Overseas Manufacturing Bases 100% 2.82%
Cash Dividend Yield. 
Percentage of Female Outside Directors 25% 100%
Board Attendance Rate. 
Acquired ‘Best Grade’ for 7 consecutive year. 
Win-Win Index 100%
Percentage of ISO 45001 Certifications Obtained at Domestic/Overseas Manufacturing Bases 99.99%
Personal Information Protection Training Completion Rate (Domestic)
Responsible Business Alliance. 
Joined RBA 100%
Rate of Conflict-free Raw Material Purchases. 
Established. 
Related Party TransactionCommittee. 
Established. 
ESG Committee


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC 15. 
Sustainability Management System Implementation of UN SDGs Stakeholder Engagement ESG Impact Highlight Materiality Assessment. 
Sustainability Management System. 
As a responsible global company, LG Display pursues a better future for the environment, society and the community through sustainability management based on trust with our stakeholders. We are promoting ESG management in more effective and systematic ways amid the rapidly changing business environment. As part of this effort, we officially launched the ESG Committee under the board of directors in April of 2021 to realize long-term and sustainable growth and selected 9 key ESG areas in 2021. We are committed to implementing ESG management activities focusing on the 9 key areas to gain the trust of our major stakeholders including executives and employees, customers and business partners.
Sustainability Management Goals. 
LG Display identified 9 key ESG areas in 2021 in order to systematically promote sustainability management. These 9 key areas were derived based on ‘technology-centered’ areas from a business perspective and ‘people-oriented’ areas from an operational perspective.
The 9 key areas include climate response, resource circulation, hazardous substances, product responsibility in the environment area, workplace, partner management, human rights management, human capital safety in the social area, and stakeholder communication and transparent information disclosure in the governance area. In addition, we selected a champion organization for each sub-area and revamped detailed action plans to encourage company-wide ESG activities. With such efforts, LG Display aims to create non-financial values alongside with financial profits.
Sustainability Management Implementation System. 
LG Display established a ESG committee-led ESG decision-making system to review, manage and supervise ESG issues regarding domestic and overseas business activities and business operations. We set a ESG management agenda and goals at management meetings and mainly discuss issues related to each key area’s tasks. We also convene a ESG committee every half year to address ESG-related issues by deliberating and approving ESG policies and strategies and reviewing ESG implementation performance.
Also, we produce detailed action plans and mid- to long-term roadmaps by forming champions for each key area to establish strategies and directions as well as communicate with stakeholders through the ESG Secretariat that supports company-wide ESG-related tasks. We will enhance competitiveness of the company and contribute to sustainable development of the overall display industry by closely cooperating with the ESG Committee-led decision-making organization and the ESG Secretariat that supports the ESG committee and the task-executing organizations.
ESG Implementation System. 
ESG Committee ･ ESG policy and strategy review/approval ･ ESG performance review. 
ESG Secretariat ･ Establishment of company-wide ESG strategy and direction ･ Communication with internal and external stakeholders and response to evaluation. 
Decision-making Organization. 
Task-executing Organization. 
Champion(C-Level) ･ Identification of ESG initiatives ･ Establishment of mid- to long-term roadmaps for each key area. 
Task-executing Organization ･ Task Execution and Management. 
Management meeting ･ ESG management Agenda and Goal Setting ･ Discussion on task related issues. 
Sustainability Management Policy. 
To fulfill its responsibility as a global corporation, LG Displays aims to gain stakeholders’ trust in its domestic and overseas management activities and pursue sustainable growth alongside with society.
･ We strive to create social and environmental values as well as economic values by communicating with our stakeholders.
･ We respect the dignity and values of our employees and our partners' employees.
･ We comply with corporate ethics such as laws, international standards, and internal regulations with an honest and fair attitude.
･ We make continuous efforts to improve safety, health, energy, and environmental management activities in corporate management.
･ We fulfill our social responsibilities for the sustainable development of our business partners and local communities.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 16 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Sustainability Management System Implementation of UN SDGs Stakeholder Engagement ESG Impact Highlight Materiality Assessment. 
Good Health and Well-Being. 
We support our employees, subsidiaries, and partners to ensure a safe workplace and a healthy and happy life.
Various social contribution programs are being operated so that the vulnerable in the local community can receive an inclusive and equitable quality education.
By establishing a water resource management system, we use water efficiently and reduce water consumption. Water pollution is minimized by setting an in-house standard that is 70% higher than the legal emission standard concentration.
e are responding to climate change issues by introducing renewable energy, increasing energy efficiency, and reducing energy consumption.
･ Establishment of health and safety management system ･ Establishment of chemical substance introduction management process ･ Maternity protection program operation ･ Medical subsidies for employees and subsidiaries (Nanumnuri) ･ IT education environment support for childcare facilities ･ Customized dream support for the underprivileged ･ Support for gifted and gifted youth from low-income families ･ Water resource-related risk assessment ･ Implementation of sewage treatment water reuse project ･ Excellent company for CDP Water ･ Process gas high-efficiency emission reduction technology development ･ Conversion of electricity consumption to new and renewable energy in the office building of domestic business sites ･ Setting organization specializing in energy use reduction. 
Quality Education Clean Water and Sanitation Affordable and Clean Energy. 
Decent Work and Econimic Growth. 
We lay the foundation for stable growth through technology development to create customer value. By establishing a subsidiary, we provide stable and high-quality jobs to workers with disabilities.
In order to respond to one of the global challenges, climate change, we set greenhouse gas reduction targets, invest in reduction facilities, and identify climate risks.
We strive to minimize negative impacts on biodiversity.
We are cooperating with various stakeholders to maximize the positive impact on the environment and society.
･ Promotion of customer-oriented marketing activities ･ Marketing OLED excellence by operating OLED Space ･ Expansion of employment of disabled workers through Nanumnuri, a subsidiary-type standard workplace ･ Greenhouse gas emission management ･ Greenhouse gas reduction activities ･ Identification of climate change risks by type and establishment of countermeasures ･ Creation of a Girung Tree Ecological Forest by the DMZ Sunaecheon Stream ･ Activities to improve the forest environment near the Paju plant ･ Participation in various national programs ･ Participation in global initiatives such as UNGC and RBA ･ Social contribution activities through NGOs. 
Climate Action Life on Land Partnerships for The Goals. 
LG Display strives to contribute to achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in its overall business operations and business activities. Implementation of UN SDGs


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 17 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Sustainability Management System Implementation of UN SDGs Stakeholder Engagement ESG Impact Highlight Materiality Assessment. 
Materiality Assessment. 
Strategic management of various economic, environmental, and social issues related to business activities is important for the sustainable growth of a company. LG Display conducts a materiality test every year based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standard, a global sustainability reporting standard. By conducting international standard analysis, industry issue analysis, benchmarking of advanced companies, media research, and stakeholder surveys, we identify material issues related to LG Display’s sustainability management activities, and issues that have major impacts on corporate performance are actively managed in terms of risk management. An annual response plan is established and implemented for the major issues identified, and the details of the activities are transparently disclosed to stakeholders in the sustainability report.
Materiality Assessment Process. 
Common Issues ･ Sustainability Reporting Standard: Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) ･ Law/Regulation/Social/ Economic issues ･ Latest trends in sustainability management. 
STEP 1. 
Identifying Issues. 
Industrial Issues ･ Competitor and same industry reporting issues ･ Industry-specific indicators (SASB, MSCI, DJSI, etc.)
STEP 2. 
Issue Materiality Analysis. 
Organizational Issues ･ ESG management strategy direction ･ Feedback from internal stakeholders. 
Stakeholder Concern Analysis ･ Conduct stakeholder (partners, associations/ NGOs, media, employees) surveys on the degree of interest in the issue ･ Review issues reported by advanced companies in the same industry ･ Analyze LG Display news articles exposed in the media ･ Analyze international disclosure and standards initiative ･ Analyze LG Index conformance. 
Business Impact Analysis ･ Key indicators for each key area of LG Display's ESG strategy ･ Evaluate business impact by internal and external experts and conduct survey ･ Conduct customer surveys on issue impact ･ Analyze questions from shareholders and investors and conduct survey ･ Analyze ESG evaluation initiative items ･ Review LG Display ESG meeting materials. 
STEP 3. 
Selection of Material Issues. 
Select top issues derived from the materiality assessments as material issues. 
Materiality Assessment Matrix. 
Business Impact. 
Stakeholder Interest 1
2 3
4 5
6 7
8 9
10. 
Ranking Area Material Issues GRI Standards Page 1 Social Safe operation of business sites and promotion of safety management (▲2) 403-1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10 35-38 2 Environmental Response to climate change (▲6) 302-1, 4, 305-1, 2, 3, 5 20-21, 32, 95-99 3 Environmental Pollution and hazardous substance management (New) 305-7 22-23, 32 4 Social Enhancing supply chain sustainability (▲1) 308-1, 2, 414-1, 2 39-46 5 Environmental Water resource management (New) 303-3, 5 24, 33 6 Environmental Waste discharge management (New) 306-2, 4, 5 25-26, 33 7 Environmental Development of products and services considering environmental/social values (▼1) 301-1, 302-1 27-29, 33 8 General Strengthening stakeholder communication activities (▲2) Non-GRI* 17-18, 76 9 Social Creating a good working environment (▼2) 404-1, 2, 3 47-52, 65 10 Social Efforts to promote and spread human rights management (▼1) 412-1, 2 53-55, 66 * Not listed GRI because there is no suitable GRI Topic Standard ※ Details on activities and results concerning key issues are published on the Environmental, Social, Governance pages (New) New material issues in 2021 (▲,▼) Change of ranking compared to 2020


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 18 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Sustainability Management System Implementation of UN SDGs Stakeholder Engagement ESG Impact Highlight Materiality Assessment. 
Stakeholder Engagement. 
LG Display classifies shareholders/investors, ESG external evaluation agencies, customers, employees, suppliers, local communities, and government/NGOs into key stakeholder groups. LG Display operates various communication channels for each stakeholder group and listens to stakeholder opinions through regular and ad-hoc meetings. We regularly produce agendas based on feedback and reports in accordance with the internal reporting process. We also actively reflect stakeholders’ opinions in our sustainability management decision-making, thereby satisfying the expectations of stakeholders.
Customer ･ Satisfactory service to customers ･ Innovative technology and product development ･ Various product-related information and use cases ･ VOC reflection. 
Interests (Expectations)
Shareholders and Investors ･ Enhancement of long-term shareholder value ･ Stable revenue stream and dividends ･ Transparent information disclosure ･ Improvement of corporate governance. 
Executives & Employees ･ Work-life balance ･ Improvement in organizational culture ･ Improvement in Welfare Program ･ Employee Empowerment ･ Reinforcement of occupational health and safety. 
Partners ･ Building a mutually cooperative partnership ･ Technical finance support ･ Reinforcement of education support infrastructure ･ Medical welfare support ･ Communication with partners. 
Community ･ Expansion of domestic and overseas social contribution investment ･ Provide a social contribution program ･ Support for the vulnerable. 
Government･NGO ･ Reinforcement of display industry capabilities ･ Promotion of fair trade and mutual growth ･ Job creation ･ Reinforcement of sustainable management ･ Customer Satisfaction Survey ･ VOC investigation ･ OLED SPACE (Website) ･ Product Exhibition Communication Channels ･ General meetings of shareholders ･ Company briefings ･ Conference calls ･ Homepage ･ Financial/Non-Financial Information Disclosure ･ Labor-management council ･ Workshop for labormanagement communication and monthly meetings ･ FB* Council ･ JM/JC** program ･ LG Way Survey ･ Shared growth portal & Voice ･ Manufacturing innovation fair ･ Offline meetings ･ Technology Competency Nurturing Program ･ Social Contribution Portal ･ Institutions caring for the vulnerable, such as childcare facilities, senior protection facilities, and facilities for the disabled ･ Local government offices such as police stations, fire stations, and public health centers ･ Industrial policy consulting ･ Government led pilot project ･ UNGC Korea Association * Fresh Board: Office worker council ** Joyful Member/Joyful Creator: Consultative body to create a pleasant workplace for office workers/technicians. 
LG Display Enters Responsible Business Alliance for Better ESG Management. 
Global Initiative Participation and Membership. 
LG Display is doing its best to fulfill its role as a trusted global company by participating in and joining various global initiatives and operating businesses that meet global standards.
･ CDP (Carbon Disclosure Project) ･ UNGC (United Nations Global Compact) ･ RBA (Responsible Business Alliance) ･ RMI (Responsible Minerals Initiative) ･ RLI (Responsible Labor Initiative)


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 19 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
ENVIRONMENTAL. 
SECTION. 
Amid the rising climate crisis beyond climate change, domestic and foreign companies are accelerating their efforts to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. In line with such efforts, LG Display will also strive to minimize the negative environmental impact of our business activities and contribute to resolving the global climate crisis by minimizing greenhouse gas emissions, converting to renewable energy, and developing eco-friendly technologies and products.
Climate Change 20. 
Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances 22. 
Water Resource Management 24. 
Waste Discharge and Management 25. 
Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification 27. 
Environmental Management System 30. 
Environmental Data 32


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 20 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
LG Display recognizes climate change as a significant risk and a strategic opportunity to improve corporate competitiveness. Recognizing the seriousness of the problem of climate change and minimizing the impact of climate change in our overall business activities as a global manufacturing company, we are making various efforts such as setting and managing greenhouse gas reduction goals, establishing an organizational system, and investing in facilities. LG Display will continue to make steady efforts to reduce carbon emissions by 2050 to contribute to the Korean government's carbon-neutral plan.
Climate Change. 
Material Issue 02. 
Strategy to Respond to Climate Change. 
LG Display intends to respond to climate change through investment in reduction facilities, strategic transition to new and renewable energy, and development of eco-friendly products. Based on the absolute amount of greenhouse gas emissions, we have set reduction goals of 40% by 2030 and 90% by 2050 compared to the base year 2014.
In order to reduce GHG emissions by 40% by 2030 compared to 2014, we plan to actively participate in climate change-related government policies and reduce the amount of process gas used in production equipment. In addition, we plan to lay the groundwork for systematic reduction by investing in reduction facilities that decompose and remove process gases and by developing and applying low-power production equipment and utility technology. Lastly, we will strive to achieve our emission reduction goal through strategic conversion of thermal power generation to renewable energy.
Zero process greenhouse gas and transition to new and renewable energy are long-term strategic goals for responding to climate change. In order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 90% by 2050 compared to 2014, LG Display is developing and applying high-efficiency process gas emission reduction technology (reduction efficiency of more than 95%), and is striving to develop low-carbon, eco-friendly alternative gas. In addition, we will do our best to accelerate the transition to new and renewable energy and continuously develop low-power, eco-friendly products.
Governance to Respond to Climate Change. 
LG Display is responding to climate change issues company-wide, and has formed and operated a dedicated organization. In April 2021, we established the ESG Committee, the highest decision-making body related to climate change, and set “Customer-based Eco-Friendly Value Creation” as the direction for the ESG environment field. In addition, the ESG committee reviews and supervises the overall operation and direction of ESG, including climate change (reduction of greenhouse gases, conversion to renewable energy). Major matters that may affect the company's operations, such as climate changerelated risks and opportunities, are managed at the board of directors and top management level.
LG Display participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which is recognized as a world-renowned authority in the field of environmental information disclosure, and was recognized for carbon management leadership by receiving the Carbon Management Honors Club award for four consecutive years (2017-2020) and IT Sector Honors Club award for six consecutive years (2016-2021). In the ‘Water Management’ sector, we have also been recognized for our eco-friendly management excellence by maintaining an excellent company for 4 consecutive years since 2018.
World-class Leading Response to Climate Change. 
Greenhouse Gas Emission Management. 
LG Display has been receiving a greenhouse gas emission permit from the government every year since 2015, when LG Display was designated as a company subject to the Korea Emissions Trading Scheme. In order to comply with the quota, we are responding to greenhouse gas regulations by setting internal reduction goals. Greenhouse emissions from domestic business sites (Scope1/Scope2) are verified by a third party and reported to the government, and Scope 3 (emissions beyond organizational boundaries) is also published publicly each year through verification.
ㅣ Unit: tCO2eq Greenhouse Gas Emissions 2019 2020 2021 2,964,478 2,091,506 2,181,278. 
Scope 1 4,878,325 4,944,477 4,563,608. 
Scope 2 297,035 223,797 232,927. 
Scope 3. 
LG Display Outlines its Green Future by Cutting Down CO2-eq Emissions by 3 Million Tons in 2020


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 21 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Reduction Facility Investment. 
In order to reduce the process gas used in the manufacturing process, LG Display has installed a reduction facility that can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 90% through an environmental investment of about 40 billion won in the business sites. The process gas used in the display etching process was replaced with a gas with a low global warming index. As a result, cumulative carbon emissions from domestic business site last year were reduced by 38% to 2.94 million tons compared to that of 2014 (7.73 million tons), which is equivalent to the amount of carbon absorbed by about 450 million 30-year-old pine trees in one year.
Climate Change Risk Management. 
LG Display is proactively managing risks by detecting internal and external risk factors and responding promptly. A company-wide analysis of risks related to the business environment, such as uncertainty, loss of opportunity, loss of life, and business disruption is undergone, and the key risks are selected according to their likelihood and impact, along with establishing a prevention and management system.
LG Display classifies transition risks and physical risks into primary and secondary categories, and evaluates and manages them. First, the Climate Response Department reviews risks related to climate change and establishes and implementing countermeasures, and second, the Compliance Team in charge of monitoring compliance identifies and evaluates climate change-related risks by using the Risk Check List & Self Assessment Sheet once a year.
Departments subject to risk review are reviewed for at least six years, and the climate change-related evaluation and monitoring results conducted by the climate response department are reported to the CSO (Chief Sustainability Officer). Major matters affecting business strategy and finance are reported as the agenda of the ESG committee, and major decisions are made through a final decision.
Introduction and Utilization of Renewable Energy. 
LG Display is also actively participating in the policy of converting electricity from fossil fuels into new and renewable energy. Simultaneously with the implementation of the new and renewable energy use system in Korea in 2021, 57.2 GWh, which is equivalent to 100% of the electricity used in all office buildings of our domestic business sites, was converted into new and renewable energy, and 1,096GWh will be converted in 2022, which is 19 times that of the previous year. In addition, from the Paju/Gumi plant, we are receiving waste incineration steam and using the waste heat collected there instead of the existing LNG to reduce LNG usage. We have also installed a solar power plant in the Magok Research Building to utilize renewable energy.
Continuous Company-wide Power Saving Activities. 
In order to systematically reduce energy use, LG Display formed a company-wide energy-saving organization and carried out energy-saving activities. Among the main power saving activities are the following: in 2021, we saved 450 million kWh (equivalent to 200,000 tCO2eq of greenhouse gas) through electric power savings through the production of cold water using waste heat from the CDA compressor and energy saving of refrigerators by improving the efficiency of refrigerators.
Risk Type Time Financial Impact Countermeasures Opportunity Factor. 
Policy/ Regulation. 
Shortterm ･ Increase in the cost of purchasing emission permits ･ Increase in greenhouse gas emissions debt costs ･ Increase in carbon tax costs ･ Replacing process gas with low GWP gas and investing in gas reduction facilities ･ Renewable energy conversion through green premium ･ Greenhouse gas reduction through additional investment in reduction facilities by selling surplus emission permits. 
Technology Longterm ･ Increase in R&D costs for lowcarbon technology and facility conversion ･ Development of low power/carbon technology ･ Development of eco-friendly materials and parts ･ Securing and diversifying alternative resources. 
Market Midterm ･ Decrease in sales due to decreased product demand by not meeting consumer requirements ･ Development and expansion of ecofriendly products using low-carbon technology ･ Increase in access to new markets. 
Reputation Longterm ･ Decrease in sales due to decline in reputation ･ Expansion and disclosure of internal and external eco-friendly information (activity and performance) ･ Implementation of green finance (issuance of green bonds, etc.) ･ Expansion of capital raising opportunities through investment attraction. 
Short-term Physical Risk. 
Shortterm ･ Decrease in production capacity due to typhoon, flood, drought, etc.
･ Investment in wastewater reuse facilities ･ Reduction of water consumption through equipment and process improvement ･ Cost reduction through increased energy efficiency ･ Consumption and preference improvement according to the use of low-carbon energy. 
Long-term Physical Risk. 
Longterm ･ Damage and decrease in value of tangible assets such as buildings, factories, and machinery ･ Increase in operating and capital costs ･ Energy efficiency through diagnosing workplace facilities and process ･ Steam supply using waste incineration heat. 
Electricity savings and GHG Conversion ㅣ Unit: 100 million kWh, 10 thousand tCO2eq 2019 2020 2021 8.1 4.5 7.6. 
Power Savings 37.2 20.4 35.0. 
Greenhouse Gas Conversion. 
Electricity savings in 2021 450 million kWh


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 22 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Management of Air Pollutant Emission. 
LG Display has installed and is operating optimal environmental pollution prevention facilities to minimize the negative environmental impact air pollutants during the manufacturing process. In particular, we have installed separate back-up facilities which are in operation in all prevention facilities to properly handle pollutants in the event of prevention facility breakdown. We exert our upmost efforts to manage pollutants by establishing a monitoring system to check on the environmental pollutant emission status in real time.
Furthermore, in the event of emergency where discharged pollutants exceed legal standards following a sudden shutdown of prevention facilities or an explosion, we immediately stop the discharge and report it to the institution designated by laws and regulations. We endeavor to manage pollutants by establishing and operating countermeasures such as analyzing potential causes of accidents and corrective actions.
Management of Water Pollutant Discharge. 
LG Display is well aware of the importance of water resource management at its business sites in regard to its environmental impact on local communities. Accordingly, in order to minimize environmental impact, we manage water pollutants emitted from business sites by setting a stricter in-house standard comparable to 70% of the legal emission standard limit and share the emission status with relevant teams and executives at a monthly workshop. In addition, LG Display treats wastewater from its business sites through in-house wastewater treatment facilities, and all wastewater discharged from the company is then released to public wastewater treatment facilities. Our target is to improve the basic unit of major water pollutant* emissions by 20% by 2025 compared to 2021. To this end, we are carrying out various activities such as investing in improving high-concentration T-N and fluorine wastewater treatment facilities and optimizing operation.
* 6 major water pollutants: BOD, TOC (COD), SS, T-N, T-P, fluorine. 
LG Display has targeted and managed its strict standards of up to 70% of the legal standard limit to minimize the environmental impact on local communities due to air and water pollutant emissions and report the status of pollutant emissions to relevant executives. In addition, we pre-examine all chemical substances introduced into the company and overseas subsidiaries in terms of legality and compliance with internal standards and hold annual training concerning this matter for employees. LG Display will continue to engage in pollutant emission reduction activities and strive to reduce the harmful impact on the environment through strict chemical management and training efforts.
Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances 78,525 24,993 25,690 2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021 98,447 121,333 110,367. 
Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) Sulfur Oxide (SOx) Dust 68,293 56,246 114,394. 
Air Pollutant Emissions (Domestic and Overseas) ㅣ Unit: kg/yr Water Pollutant Emissions (Domestic and Overseas) ㅣ Unit: tons/day 24.4 14.4 11.9. 
Biological Oxygen Demand (BOD) 11.8 12.8 10.1. 
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) 5.5 8.2 4.5. 
Suspended Solid (SS)
Material Issue 03


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 23 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Chemical Substance Introduction Management Process. 
LG Display uses a pre-examination system for all chemical substances introduced into the company and overseas corporations to review the legality of related laws and compliance with internal standards, and prohibits the purchase of products that do not pass the examination. Imported chemical products are reviewed for legal compliance with the relevant laws (Chemical Substances Control Act, Act on Registration and Evaluation of Chemicals) through the import declaration examination system after preliminary examination. As we have completed registration as an active participant in the Chemicals Registration Council in 2021, we took preemptive measures to reduce legal risks.
LG Display has designated substances prohibited by LGD prohibited substances (739 types) and established alternative substance development activities and alternative substance management principles (tracing the usage status, conducting on-site inspections, etc.) to prevent health problems of employees. In addition, we have established mandatory guidelines for chemical product suppliers, and we are providing regular training to comply with our chemical management regulations when supplying chemical products. For gas/chemical chemical substance transport vehicles, we implemented an inspection and monitoring system before leaving the supplier and after arriving at the company to enhance safety in the transport and supply process.
Chemical Substance Usage Management. 
LG Display undergoes chemical substance statistical investigation and performance reporting in accordance with the Chemical Substances Control Act, and the contents are shared internally and externally through the Chemical Substance Information System. In addition, we are reviewing the development of alternative materials and processes to minimize the emission and use of hazardous substances, and we are continuously promoting our own activities to reduce the use of hazardous substances. In 2021, to reduce the frequency of exposure to chemicals and reduce the risk of harmful vapors, we reduced the conversion and usage of low-concentration chemicals (hydrochloric acid) using utilities.
Prevention of Chemical Substance Accident and Reinforcement of Education. 
LG Display strives to minimize the harmful effects on safety, health, and environment for employees and local residents throughout the entire process of using chemical substances. We are preventing and responding to chemical accidents by regularly inspecting chemical storage/saving and handling facilities, and monitoring them 24 hours a day using leak detection sensors and CCTV. We are continuously pursuing activities to strengthen the supply room control function and disaster prevention response capabilities, and are making efforts to ensure that employees operate in a safe environment through the establishment and revision of safety protection equipment handling and management guidelines.
LG Display’s integrated safety management system allows employees to access the latest chemical substance Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) at all times to share chemical substance information, and to connect with the in-house training system to manage handler training. In addition, in order to strengthen the safety management of chemical substances at the workplace, we have established a legal senior management system to constantly manage the status of legal managers, thereby preventing work gaps during operations. Externally, we are doing our best to prevent chemical accidents by regularly sharing chemical accident prevention and response plans in case of accidents with relevant organizations, nearby residents, and business sites.
Chemical Substance Management Process. 
Review Implementation. 
Purchase/ Customs Clearance. 
Domestic Implementation. 
Chemical Substance Import Declaration Screening. 
Import. 
Reject. 
Block Purchase. 
Block Customs Entry. 
Emergency Response (Training)
Safe Use. 
Storage Use. 
Implementation (Securing Safety in Advance) Storage/Use (Preventive Safety Activities)
Emergency Response. 
Receipt Emergency Response New Prior Approval Purchase. 
Chemical Substance Labeling*
Education * Latest Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) provided. 
Inspection/Test/ Diagnosis. 
Use of Safety Equipment. 
Reporting Chemical Accidents. 
Reject. 
Chemical Substance Screening


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 24 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
As LG Display is well aware water resource greatly affects the environment, we have been carrying out various activities to reduce water consumption and reuse water resources. In particular, we set a target of 207% for the ratio of reuse volume to water intake, and have invested in facilities and process improvement, etc. As a company awarded for outstanding CDP 'water management,' LG Display will continue to pursue eco-friendly water resource management.
Water Resource Management. 
Water Resource Management Efforts. 
LG Display is conducting preemptive efforts by analyzing the entire process of water use, evaluating water resources-related risks and establishing response strategies in order to secure stable water resources. In recent years, our major customers have also been increasingly demanding environmental impact minimization, so we have set a target of 207% for the ratio of reuse volume to water intake by 2030.
To this end, we are purifying and reusing the low-concentration wastewater generated during the manufacturing process. Since 2018, we have been conducting the ‘Sewage Treatment Water Reuse Project’ with local governments to repurpose domestic sewage from nearby areas to industrial water.
Through these efforts, LG Display's overall water reuse rate reached 181% of the water intake in 2021. In the case of the Paju plant, wastewater is discharged to the upper Manucheon and reservoirs. It now secures a habitable ecosystem for a variety of fish species, from minnows and carps to eels, that can survive in water quality grade 2.
LG Display participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), which is recognized as a world- renowned authority in the field of environmental information disclosure, and has been recognized as an excellent company in the 'water management' sector for 4 consecutive years since 2018 due to our outstanding management system to minimize environmental impact.
Leading Water Resource Management Globally. 
Water Reuse Rate (Domestic and Overseas) ㅣ Unit: %
Domestic Overseas 192 84 2019 197 81 2020 181 75 2021. 
Panoramic scenery across the LG Display Paju complex. 
Water Consumption (Domestic and Overseas) ㅣ Unit: tons. 
Industrial water Tap water Underground water Reclaimed sewage water 60,145,214 2,560,078 267,784 94,210,118 2019 60,394,435 2,491,830 252,105 30,733,260 93,871,630 2020 74,215,049 2,694,666 233,757 30,728,198 107,871,670 2021 31,237,042. 
Reuse of LG Display water to ensure clean water. 
Material Issue 05


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 25 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
LG Display strives to minimize the negative environmental impact of our business activities through systematic waste discharge and management. To reduce the amount of waste generated at the source, we are developing and implementing company-wide resource circulation control, and we are working with various stakeholders to increase the waste recycling rate. As part of these efforts, our Yantai manufacturing base in China acquired the Zero Platinum grade for landfill waste in 2021, and LG Display plans to acquire certification for all domestic manufacturing bases by 2022. In the future, LG Display will continue to strive to reduce waste at domestic and overseas business sites.
Waste Discharge and Management. 
Waste Treatment Process. 
We have installed and have been operating our own waste treatment system to monitor the entire process from waste generation to disposal in real-time. We have also secured transparency in the whole waste process by linking our system to the "Olbaro System" operated by the Korea Environment Corporation. In order to establish a resource circulation system, we are carrying out activities to minimize waste and increase the recycling rate at all stages from the production process to the waste treatment process.
Waste Management Direction and Goals. 
LG Display goes beyond just recycling water waste and reducing the amount of waste generated and is now exploring and implementing company-wide resource recycling tasks ranging from product design and manufacturing to treatment. Furthermore, we are in the process of obtaining a recycling resource certification and Zero Waste to Landfill certification for each business site to improve waste recycling and manage resource circulation performance across the company. The Yantai manufacturing base in China acquired a Platinum Grade (100%) for landfill waste in July 2021, and we are working towards obtaining the certifications for each of our business sites.
We have been promoting the improvement of the separate discharge system for waste generated in the manufacturing process as well as waste from daily life by analyzing the status of waste at sites and performing segmentation activities. We strive to increase the waste recycling rate through different activities such as participating in conferences and exhibitions to discover waste recycling technology patents and related technologies and companies.
Annual Management Plan ･ Establishing an annual waste management plan based on the previous year’s performance and this year's target. 
Separate Storage of Waste ･ Separate storage of the waste by whether it is recyclable in terms of type, nature and condition and whether it is flammable or non-flammable ･ Compliance with legal storage standards and periods according to the type of waste. 
Waste Treatment and Performance Reporting ･ Implementing legal waste consignment treatment according to the type of waste ･ Managing monthly waste treatment performance and reporting. 
Management of Consigned Waste Disposal Companies ･ Establishing an annual evaluation plan for consigned waste disposal companies and conducting regular evaluations (on-site evaluations, document reviews) ･ Request for corrective action when nonconformity occurs and follow-up management. 
Record Management ･ Recording the entire process of waste management through the Olbaro System (discharge, collection/ transport, recycling, disposal, etc.)
Zero Waste Landfill Certificate of the Yantai Corporation in China. 
Material Issue 06


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 26 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Waste Recycling. 
In order to establish a resource circulation system, LG Display has reduced the amount of waste acid generated by minimizing the amount of chemical liquid used through improvements in the manufacturing process. In addition, we are not only maximizing resource circulation by utilizing various recycling technologies, such as increasing the value of waste resources and securing resources through a system that recovers copper contained in wastewater sludge based on pulp recycling technology and protective film (PET) fiber raw material technology, but also making profits by selling such waste resources. Furthermore, LG Display has maximized the recycling of waste generated by the company, achieving 100% recycling of waste glass by developing and applying our label separation technology for waste glass that used to be buried entirely due to labels attached to the glass. We are also fully recycling the high concentration of waste acid, which was previously neutralized as we discovered recycling technologies with our partners.
Waste Generation and Discharge. 
In 2021, the total waste volume generated amounted to 120,340 tons in Korea and 79,207 tons in other countries, and the total volume of recycled waste was 173,497 tons, while the amount of waste from incineration/landfills was 26,051 tons. LG Display has achieved a waste recycling rate of 98.4% in 2021 in domestic business sites, and is promoting various activities to become 100% Zero Waste to Landfill certified by 2030.
Waste Recycling Rate ㅣ Unit : %
Domestic Overseas 98.1 49 2019 97.1 76.3 2020 98.4 69.5 2021. 
Business Site (General) Waste and Designated (Hazardous) Waste Treatment Volume (Domestic and Overseas) ㅣ Unit : ton. 
Business site (General) Waste Designated (Hazardous) Waste. 
Incineration/Landfill Recycled Amount 199,547 171,050 147,274 23,776 115,000 56,050 2019 165,790 149,596 16,194 115,228 50,562 2020 173,497 26,050 139,246 60,301 2021


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 27 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
LG Display is developing a variety of eco-friendly products to actively respond to climate change and create new value. Through these efforts, we have obtained eco-friendly certifications such as SGS certification, TUV certification, and green certification for large and small-sized OLED and LCD products. As a responsible global company, LG Display will continue to develop eco-friendly products that can minimize negative environmental impact from the source stage and actively contribute to carbon emission reduction as well as expand related certifications.
Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification. 
Development of Eco-friendly Products and Certification. 
LG Display has been verified for its eco-friendliness in all aspects of product development, purchase, manufacturing, sales, and disposal through various external certifications, and has obtained product ecofriendly certification through these certifications.
In 2017, LG Display was the first in the industry to develop a certification program (Eco Label) for display modules for TVs in collaboration with SGS, a global inspection and certification testing organization. This program examines the hazardous substance management system as well as product recycling and the use of hazardous substances during product development and production.
Through this program, LG Display obtained SGS Eco Label certification for the first OLED TV module in 2017, and has continued to acquire certification for OLED TV models since then.
In 2021, we acquired green technology certification for touch display technology (AIT: Advanced In-cell Touch) with touch sensing electrodes and transmission lines placed inside. This certification is a system that evaluates and certifies the value and effectiveness of technologies that use energy and resources efficiently to minimize the emission of greenhouse gases and pollutants. LG Display's AIT technology has been certified as green technology that reduces carbon emissions and the use of rare metals by reducing power consumption and the use of parts in the process.
In addition, along with the TUV SUD certification body, we developed an eco-friendly certification program in terms of resource circulation excellence consisting of satisfying WEEE* regulations, recycling resources, and the disuse of specific hazardous substances. Based on this, we acquired certifications for OLED TV and PO Mobile models.
* WEEE (Waste from Electrical and Electronic Equipment): Regulations on mandatory recycling of waste home appliances. 
Evaluation Factors 1. Hazardous Substance Reduction 2. Resource Efficiency 3. Recycling 4. VOC* Reduction * VOC (Volatile Organic Compounds): Organic compounds that easily volatilize into the atmosphere, and harmful substances that cause air pollution and sick house syndrome. 
Eco-friendly Certification. 
Status of Acquisition of Eco-friendly Certifications by Product Groups. 
SGS Certified* TUV Certified** Green Certified***
Large-size OLED. 
LCD (Touch)
Small and Medium-size LCD (Touch)
OLED (Small-size) * SGS Eco Label: ISO14024-based product eco-friendly certification program ** TUV certification: ISO14021-based recycling and hazardous substance verification and certification program *** Green technology certification: Certification system awarded to promising green technologies and products by the government. 
Material Issue 07


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 28 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Eco Index. 
LG Display's 65-inch display is a major example of applying the Eco Index to the development of ecofriendly products. In the product development stage, we performed self-evaluation to identify areas that needed improvement, and through this, the type and ratio of raw materials used in the product were replaced with materials that are easy to recycle, thereby improving the recycling rate.
Life Cycle Assessment. 
LG Display believes that it is essential for the development and production of eco-friendly products to analyze and improve the environmental impact that occurs in the entire process of a product through life cycle assessment. For this, in 2021, LG Display introduced Life Cycle Assessment (LCA), and conducted a pre-research-type life cycle assessment targeting our flagship OLED TV Module.
Based on the life cycle assessment (LCA) experience conducted in 2021, we plan to develop evaluation methods and lay the foundation for increasing assessment accuracy and usability. We plan to gradually expand the life cycle assessment to main models by product group, and conduct a life cycle assessment (LCA) for 20% of products in 2022 and 40% in 2023. LG Display will continue to expand the products subject to life cycle assessment to lay the foundation for more systematic development of eco-friendly products.
Activities to Reduce the Use of Raw and Subsidiary Materials. 
LG Display is recycling new device organic materials to reduce the use of raw and subsidiary materials, and is improving the usage of Etchant, Stripper, and PIC by optimizing process operation. In addition, we are improving the amount of use by adjusting the use of organic matter and improving the amount of NF3 gas by extending the Ch. Cleaning cycle. We are improving NF3 gas usage by extending the cleaning cycle. Lastly, we are reducing the use of raw and subsidiary materials by not proceeding with the EL cleaning process through the application of EL-Less aligning agent.
ㅣ Unit: % Plan to Expand Performing LCA 3.5 2022 20 2023 40 2021. 
OLED vs LCD TV Module Recyclability Rate and Raw Material Usage Trends ㅣ Unit: %, kg. 
Other Plastic Non-metal Metal 8.1 1.8 5.2 2.9. 
LCD 7.2 7.5 0.5 2.3. 
V17 OLED 15.1 0.1 0.5 2.2. 
V18 OLED 17.8 0.1 0.5 2.2. 
V19 OLED V20 OLED 17.2 0.1 0.4 1.6. 
V21 OLED 17.2 0.1 0.4 1.6 79.1 92 92.2 92.6 92.7 92.7


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 29 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Use and Management of Hazardous Substances in Products. 
LG Display has established and operated hazardous substances management programs and processes to develop and produce products that are not harmful to humans and the environment. We will continue to work hard to make products that are safe for humans and the environment by preemptively responding to changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations related to hazardous substances.
Hazardous Substance Management Program. 
In order to respond to domestic and international environmental regulations such as EU RoHS* and REACH** that restrict the use of specific hazardous substances, LG Display is operating a hazardous substance management program that establishes and manages four gate steps from the partner registration stage to the mass production stage.
In addition, in order to preemptively respond to four new regulated substances (four types of phthalates***), which have been confirmed by RoHS legislation in 2016 and officially entered into force on July 22, 2019, we are replacing potential risk factors in advance, and a more stable management process has been established. To establish this process, we established our own response strategy by identifying regulatory trends in advance through collaboration with external organizations, and identified and applied effective management measures through business collaboration with departments in charge of development/purchase/quality.
Hazardous Substance Management System. 
LG Display is using the “Product Hazardous Substance Management System” to effectively manage hazardous substances by classifying them into three levels: Level A-I, A-II, and B. In particular, in addition to substances prohibited by global product hazardous substances regulation, substances that cause harm to the human body and the environment are designated as Level B substances, and regulated by efforts to develop technologies and parts to replace them and apply them to their own products. Also, we are continuing to promote voluntary reduction activities to gradually reduce and remove harmful substances.
* RoHS (The Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous Substances in electrical and electronic equipment): Restriction on the use of hazardous substances such as lead, mercury and cadmium ** REACH(Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of CHemicals): The European Union's Regulatory Framework for Chemicals *** Diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP, Bis (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate), benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), diisobutyl phthalate (DIBP)
Hazardous Substance Management Program. 
Gate 01 Partner Registration Stage. 
Gate 02 Parts Development Stage. 
Gate 03 Product Development Stage. 
Gate 04 Mass Production Stage ･ Conduct audits before registering new partners ･ Inspect hazardous substances response process ･ Conduct environmental evaluation of all development products ･ Document review, XRF*, detailed analysis (3 stages) ･ Conduct model environmental evaluation ･ Implement product labeling (RoHS verified) ･ Process management through periodic testing of parts before mass production ･ Conduct tests by level through risk assessment * F (X-ray fluorescence (Spectrometer)): X-ray fluorescence analysis equipment, simple analysis equipment for hazardous substances. 
Classification of Product Hazardous Substance. 
Level A-I ･ Lead, cadmium, mercury, hexavalent chromium and compounds, PBB, PBDE, four types of phthalates, other brominated flame retardants, and other chlorine-based flame retardants. 
Level A-II ･ Substances prohibited by laws and treaties other than Level A-I, which are prohibited substances designated by customers such as PCBs, PCNs, asbestos, organic tin compounds, ozone layer depleting substances, etc.
Level B ･ Substances that are not currently banned, but are planning to be reduced or phased out in the future, including volatile organic chemicals, RoHS regulatory candidates, RoHS exception substances, REACH high-risk candidate substances, etc.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 30 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
LG Display recognizes that the entire process of corporate activities has an impact on the environment, and strives to minimize the environmental impact of our activities. In order to practice ecofriendly management in all corporate activities, we have established environmental guidelines based on safety, health, energy and environment management policies and internal standards. Based on this, we will establish an environmental management system and carry out continuous evaluation and improvement activities to minimize environmental impacts that may occur in all domestic and overseas business activities.
Environmental Management System. 
Environmental Management Policy Goals. 
LG Display is swiftly responding to climate issues and resource depletion issues through activities such as energy reduction and efficiency improvement, water resource protection, and waste resource recycling. We strive to minimize environmental impact in the entire process from product design to production, use, distribution and logistics, and recycling after disposal. We are taking the lead in preventing environmental pollution and protecting the environment by developing eco-friendly products and services.
In addition, we are promoting the introduction of eco-friendly management throughout the display industry by actively engaging in investments and activities to improve the eco-friendliness of the supply chain. We are actively supporting the improvement of the energy environment sector in the supply chain aspect, including partners and service providers, and encouraging the unmanaged business sites, third-party manufacturers, joint venture partners, and outsourcing partners to be aware of our policies and participate in them.
Lastly, after establishing the “Safety, Health, Energy, and Environmental Management Policy,” we have been using a company-wide integrated standard system centered on the policy, as well as making an effort to distribute environmental guidelines to minimize the environmental impact throughout the entire business process.
Environmental Management Governance and Organization. 
In order to establish company-wide environmental policies and establish an eco-friendly management system, LG Display has formed the ESG Committee to deliberate/approve environmental policies and strategies, and is regularly checking implementation performance.
In addition, as we appointed a Chief Safety and Environment Officer (CSEO) in March 2021 to oversee policy establishment for domestic and overseas safety environments as well as inspection, management, and expanded related organizations, we also formed an organizational system to operate eco-friendly management, identified tasks from key areas to monitor the progress, which helps us to continuously improve environment performance.
In addition, we have expanded our team of safety environment experts by recruiting domestic and foreign experts, and with a dedicated organization, we are working hard to operate a precise and thorough management system.
Environmental Management Policy. 
Workplace Environmental Management. 
For efficient environmental management of production and business facilities, LG Display has acquired and is operating the environmental management system (ISO14001) certification for all domestic and global production sites, centered on the company-wide environmental organization. We are managing process procedures such as goal management, training, document and record management, and internal audit, as well as internal standards for each part.
Environmental Law Compliance. 
LG Display not only complies with relevant laws for all corporate activities, but also sets and manages internal standards that are more strict than legal standards. In order to manage compliance risks in the environmental field, we have established a self-diagnosis organization and are conducting regular inspections.
Company Selection and Continuous Evaluation. 
LG Display has established the LG Display Supply Chain ESG Behavior Rules to establish a safe working environment for partners related to product production and other major partners, respecting employees, and operating an eco-friendly and ethical company. LG Display is making sure that all partners agree to and comply with this standard. In addition, we are striving to reduce environmental risks throughout the supply chain by conducting supply chain sustainability assessments for major partners every year.
Product and Service Development, Logistics. 
LG Display is promoting the development of clean production technology to minimize negative environmental impacts that may occur in the entire life cycle of products, from R&D, purchase, production, transportation, and disposal, and to actively contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gases.
Waste Management. 
LG Display has established and operated a waste management standard for business procedures from the stage of waste generation to final disposal, and has developed and is currently using its own system for real-time monitoring to ensure transparency throughout the entire waste treatment process.
Production and Maintenance. 
LG Display has established and is operating an environmental management manual to minimize environmental pollution that occurs during operation, maintenance, and repair of production facilities. LG Display also operates an environmental management system to gradually improve environmental impacts in accordance with the PDCA Cycle every year.
Environmental Education. 
LG Display provides appropriate education and training to its employees to raise awareness of the environment and to recognize and minimize the impact of corporate activities on the environment.
New Projects. 
Before a new business starts, LG Display implements environmental management at new business sites through business environmental management plans and environmental impact assessments that reflect detailed environmental management methods.
Prior Due Diligence When Executing Mergers and Acquisitions. 
LG Display is proactively responding to environmental risks by conducting due diligence on the company prior to mergers and acquisitions. Evaluation by major environmental media has been introduced and is being managed, and the evaluation results are reflected and managed as important factors in mergers and acquisitions.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 31 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Environmental Management Goals and Performances. 
In order to systematically manage environmental and energy performance, LG Display establishes company-wide goals every year and regularly checks and reports whether they have been achieved. In particular, we are securing transparency in environmental energy management system certification by systematically monitoring our energy and environmental information through our in-house energy/ environment management system, the Plant Energy & Environment Management System (PEMS).
In addition, in order to efficiently manage the performance of each department, the company utilizes a system developed in-house to manage the achievement of each department's goal. For items that did not achieve the goal, the cause is analyzed and then improvement measures are established and implemented for each department. These company-wide goals and performance management are contributing to reducing negative environmental impacts. In 2021, 15 out of 26 company-wide environmental and energy goals were achieved, and in the case of detailed goals for each department, 1,208 out of 1,256 goals were achieved. As for the energy saving performance, we achieved 70.2% of the goal.
Environmental Management System. 
LG Display is continuously implementing activities to minimize environmental impact and reduce energy in the entire business process through environmental energy management. Since the establishment of the company-wide safety, health, energy and environment management policy and manual, the standard system has been regularly reorganized in line with global standards, and is receiving annual follow-up and renewal reviews.
In order to effectively establish an environmental and energy management system, LG Display has acquired ISO14001 (Environmental Management System) from design to manufacturing of TFT LCD and OLED products for all domestic and global manufacturing bases and is operating it. In addition, domestic manufacturing bases and some overseas manufacturing bases (Nanjing corporation in China (NJ) and the 2 corporations within the Guangzhou cluster in China (CA, CO)) have acquired and are operating under ISO50001 (Energy Management System), and we plan to complete the certification for all global business sites by 2022.
Environmental Law Compliance. 
In order to effectively comply with environmental laws and regulations, LG Display has hired technical experts in each field and installed various types of environmental pollution prevention facilities and is operating them for the legal treatment of environmental pollutants.
In order to manage compliance risks in the environmental field, we have formed a self-diagnosis organization to periodically check compliance with laws and regulations and the risk status of domestic and foreign corporations. In addition, the head of the relevant department reviews the requirements and legal standards for environmental regulations, natural environment and ecosystem protection before conducting new business, due diligence, as well as mergers and acquisitions, and establishes and performs an environmental management plan if significant risks are found in the environmental impact assessment. Due to these efforts, there have been no violations of environmental laws and regulations in the last four years.
Environmental Accident Response System. 
LG Display has established emergency response guidelines to effectively respond to emergencies and is implementing them. The emergency response guidelines include grade standards for each type of environmental accident, a contact system in case of emergency, operating standards for emergency response committees for each type of accident, and accident response scenarios for each situation. In accordance with the guidelines, we are doing our best to respond promptly and minimize accident damage.
Employee Training. 
LG Display conducts environmental education training every year to raise employees' environmental awareness and strengthen their competencies. At the company-wide level, an environmental officer is selected for each team, and training concerning the waste treatment process and imported chemical substances reporting is provided. In 2021, 1,103 training sessions were completed. In addition, we provide 2 hours of mandatory training per year for employees at workplaces who use hazardous substances concerning the current status of hazardous chemical usage, how to respond to chemical accidents, and how to evacuate. ISO 50001 Certificate. 
ISO 14001 Certificate. 
Number of Violations of Environmental Laws. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of Violations of Environmental Laws Cases --
Fine Amount KRW 1 million -- * There have been no fines/penalties exceeding $10,000


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 32 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Environmental Data. 
Climate Change. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Energy Consumption TJ 71,873 66,669 72,051. 
Production Performance Glass Ceiling 8,373 6,815 8,124. 
Energy Unit TJ/Glass Ceiling 8.6 9.8 8.87. 
Energy Unit (Domestic and Overseas)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Non-renewable Energy Consumption MWh 9,354,769.35 8,958,197.79 9,776,804.14. 
Total Renewable Energy Consumption MWh -57,200.00. 
Energy Consumption (Domestic/Overseas)
Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic NOx kg/yr 82,523 97,695 109,337. 
SOx kg/yr 78,216 18,891 19,035. 
Dust kg/yr 65,906 104,995 50,152. 
Overseas NOx kg/yr 15,924 12,672 11,995. 
SOx kg/yr 309 6,799 5,959. 
Dust kg/yr 2,387 9,398 6,094. 
Air Pollutant Emissions (Domestic and Overseas)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Direct Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) ton 21.25 15.17 16.60. 
Direct Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) Emissions. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) ton/d 24.1 11.6 14.0. 
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) ton/d 8.6 6.9 9.5. 
Suspended Solids (SS) ton/d 5.1 4.0 7.6. 
Overseas Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) ton/d 0.3 0.3 0.4. 
Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) ton/d 3.2 3.2 3.4. 
Suspended Solids (SS) ton/d 0.4 0.4 0.6. 
Water Pollutant Emissions (Domestic and Overseas)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Employee Business Trips* tCO2eq 3,386 1,808 1,913. 
Product Shipment** Export tCO2eq 2,087 1,323 2,482. 
Import tCO2eq 904 705 745. 
Purchased Products and Services*** tCO4eq 257,712 208,591 210,912. 
Processing of Sold Products**** tCO5eq 32,946 20,500 7,744. 
Total tCO5eq 297,035 232,927 223,797. 
Scope3 GHG Emissions (Domestic) * Employee business trip: Calculation of GHG emissions generated in the process of travel (air, vehicle) for domestic employee business trips (methodology: distance-based calculation method) - Air and vehicle emissions are calculated by applying the emission factors of the Low-Carbon Green Event Guidelines (2008) ** Product Shipment: Calculation of greenhouse gas emissions generated in the logistics process of domestic business sites for imported/shipped products (methodology: distance-based calculation method) *** Purchased Products and Services: Calculation of emissions of 36 domestic partners of LG Display that have received carbon partnership certification (methodology: supplier data collection calculation method) **** Processing of Sold Products: GHG emissions are calculated through LG Electronics' emission factor per cost (methodology: cost-based calculation method) ※ The calculation method here is the calculation method suggested by the CDP. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Business sites Scope1 tCO2eq 2,918,712 2,073,959 1,967,656. 
Scope2 tCO2eq 2,966,752 2,674,248 2,816,059. 
Overseas Business sites Scope1 tCO2eq 45,766 107,219 123,850. 
Scope2 tCO2eq 1,911,573 1,889,367 2,128,418. 
Scope 1, 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Domestic and Overseas) * Domestic emissions are calculated according to the guidelines for drafting specifications for the emission trading system, and overseas emissions are calculated according to ISO-14064 (2006) guidelines ※ Domestic operations include Paju and Gumi, and overseas operations include Guangzhou in China (GZ/CA/CO), Nanjing in China (NJ), Yantai in China (YT), and Haiphong in Vietnam (VH)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Direct energy LNG TJ 1,172 1,065 1,534. 
Etc. TJ 192 149 144. 
Indirect energy Power TJ 61,064 55,042 58,828. 
Steam TJ 348 412 421. 
Total TJ 62,776 56,668 60,927. 
Overseas Direct Energy LNG TJ 356 412 422. 
Etc. TJ 2 55 75. 
Indirect Energy Power TJ 8,562 9,404 10,491. 
Steam TJ 178 130 137. 
Total TJ 9,097 10,001 11,124. 
Energy Consumption Within Business Sites (Domestic and Overseas) * Domestic energy consumption is calculated according to the guidelines for drafting specifications for the emission trading system, and overseas energy consumption is calculated according to ISO-14064 (2006) guidelines


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 33 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Water Resource Management Development of Eco-friendly Products and Expansion of Certification Environmental Data Control of Pollution and Hazardous Substances Climate Change Waste Discharge and Management Environmental Management System. 
Water Resource Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Wastewater Reuse ton 33,771,471 29,053,148 28,122,779. 
DIR ton 50,016,102 43,296,974 45,577,380. 
Sewage Reuse ton 31,237,042 30,733,260 30,728,198. 
Reuse of DI wastewater ton 28,545,132 25,819,764 26,560,589. 
Total Reuse ton 143,569,747 128,903,146 130,988,946. 
Reuse Water Usage Rate % 192 197 181. 
Overseas Wastewater Reuse ton 6,996,000 7,503,439 8,524,020. 
DIR ton 6,653,420 10,531,467 12,140,167. 
Sewage Reuse ton 0 0 0. 
Reuse of DIR Wastewater ton 2,613,117 4,804,966 6,040,620. 
Total Reuse ton 16,262,537 22,839,872 26,704,807. 
Reuse Water Usage Rate % 84 81 75. 
Water Reuse Rate (Domestic and Overseas)
Waste Discharge and Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Designated (Hazardous) Waste processed ton 2,023 3,028 1,445 recycled ton 92,343 83,598 95,695. 
Business Site (General) Waste incinerated ton 59 9 44 landfilled ton 363 157 385 recycled ton 34,437 24,226 22,771. 
Sub Total ton 129,225 111,018 120,340. 
Recycling Rate % 98.1 97.1 98.4. 
Overseas Designated (Hazardous) Waste processed ton 15,638 5,546 18,423 recycled ton 4,996 23,056 23,683 etc ton 0 0 0. 
Business Site (General) Waste incinerated ton 2,885 4,024 5,403 landfilled ton 2,808 3,430 350 recycled ton 15,498 18,716 31,348. 
Sub Total ton 41,825 54,772 79,207. 
Recycling Rate % 49.0 76.3 69.5. 
Total Waste Disposal Total Waste Emissions ton 171,050 165,790 199,547. 
Total Waste Recycling ton 147,274 149,596 173,497. 
Total Waste incineration/landfill/disposal ton 23,776 16,194 26,051. 
Waste Disposal (Domestic and Overseas)
Eco-friendly Products. 
Category Unit 2021. 
Type II self-declared environmental declaration (ISO 14021) Sales share % 14.0. 
Type I or other environmental labels* Sales share % 16.3. 
Product Environmental Labeling and Declaration * Independent environmental labels such as ISO 14024 or WWF, national/international labels (e.g. Energy Star, LEED, industry-specific B.P))
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Backlight thousand 128,947 106,779 89,686. 
Glass m² 86,426,737 69,783,260 82,526,719. 
Polarizer thousand 432,593 406,397 420,318. 
Drive IC thousand 1,025,812 1,026,040 1,195,874. 
Liquid Crystal kg 111,117 84,613 95,537. 
Product Raw Material Consumption (Domestic and Overseas)
Total Water Intake by Source (Domestic and Overseas)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Industrial Water m3 41,765,778 33,167,531 40,125,493. 
Tap Water m3 1,652,282 1,358,050 1,339,888. 
Underground Water m3 267,784 252,105 233,757. 
Reclaimed Sewage Water m3 31,237,042 30,733,260 30,728,198. 
Sub Total m3 74,922,886 65,510,946 72,427,336. 
Overseas Industrial Water m3 18,379,436 27,226,904 34,089,556. 
Tap Water m3 907,796 1,133,780 1,354,778. 
Underground Water m3 0 0 0. 
Reclaimed Sewage Water m3 0 0 0. 
Sub Total m3 19,287,232 28,360,684 35,444,334. 
By Water Intake source (domestic + overseas) Total Water Supply to Cities m3 93,942,334 93,619,525 107,637,913. 
Underground Water* m3 267,784 252,105 233,757. 
Sub Total m3 94,210,118 93,871,630 107,871,670. 
Water Consumption (domestic + overseas) Water Intake m3 94,210,118 93,871,630 107,871,670. 
Water Discharge m3 93,436,924 83,712,934 102,162,540. 
Water Consumption m3 773,194 10,158,696 5,709,130 * All groundwater is discharged for landscaping purposes ※ Domestic operations include Paju and Gumi, and overseas operations include Guangzhou in China (GZ/CA/CO), Nanjing in China (NJ), Yantai in China (YT), and Haiphong in Vietnam (VH)


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 34 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
SECTION. 
SOCIAL. 
In order to become a sustainable company, it is important to share growth with various stakeholders including employees, business partners, customers, and local communities to create positive social value. LG Display will strive to maximize the positive social impact of our activities and create a workplace where every employee is happy and safe, and everyone's human rights and personal information are protected.
Health and Safety 35. 
Supply Chain Management 39. 
Human Resource Management 47. 
Human Rights Management 53. 
Labor-Management Communication 56. 
Information Security and Personal Information Protection 58. 
Corporate Social Responsibility 60. 
Social Data 63


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 35 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display believes that building an environment where employees can work comfortably and safely is essential for a company's sustainable activities. In order to realize a safe and healthy workplace, we have established four safety management innovation measures, enacting LG Display Safety Rules and 8 life rules, and are making efforts to spread and establish a safety culture through smart safety proposals with employee participation. In the future, we will continue to proactively manage risk factors through periodic health and safety diagnoses and smart safety proposals with employee participation, and make an effort to systematically operate the health and safety system so that the health and safety of employees can be maintained and promoted throughout all business activities and corporations.
Health and Safety. 
Health and Safety Policy. 
LG Display's health and safety mission is "creating a 'safe and healthy workplace' through worldclass safety and environment management practices." In order to secure a workplace where safety is completely guaranteed, we are working hard to improve the safety level of facilities at all business sites and to manage partner risks. In addition, to minimize the occurrence of serious accidents at business sites, an integrated global-level safety management system has been established and fundamental health and safety factors have been identified and are being managed.
We are reinforcing our compliance with laws and regulations by monitoring and diagnosing compliance with laws and regulations related to occupational health and safety, and preemptively responding to changes in regulations in the countries where our business sites are located. In addition, we are actively implementing health and safety policies, such as establishing a safety-first culture by encouraging a safety mindset so that our employees internalize safety management.
Health and Safety System and Management System. 
LG Display established the “Chief of Safety and Environment Officer (CSEO)” in March 2021 and significantly strengthened the authority and capabilities of the safety and environment organization. The CSEO serves as a control tower overseeing the safety environment, including the establishment and inspection of safety environment policies at domestic and overseas business sites, and has authority at the CEO level, such as the “production stop order” that can stop production and work when an accident risk is detected.
LG Display has established a safety environment department/team for each business division for systematic management, and we are operating the “Global Safety and Environment Center” to improve the safety environment management level of our domestic and overseas corporations and partners. In addition, for more systematically managed company-wide health and safety, we are working with organizations in charge of safety environments and health, safety environment diagnoses, as well as environmental technology, and are monitoring internal and external law and regulation changes and making sure we are compliance with them.
In addition, in order to create a safe and healthy working environment, we have established and are operating a health and safety management system at domestic and overseas business sites. In 2020, we switched from the current health and safety standard OHSAS 18001 and acquired ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management System) certification. Overseas manufacturing bases have also acquired ISO 45001 for each business site are renewing this certification every three years.
01. Conducted detailed safety examinations for all business sites in which global professional organizations and employees of the first-line partners in the field participate together ･ I dentify risk factors and practical improvement plans through precise diagnosis with guaranteed objectivity and reliability ･ Invest all budgets and personnel required for improvement without limit 02. Promote internalization of major hazardous work to achieve responsible safety management ･ After selecting the target area according to the level of risk, proceed step-by-step in consideration of compliance risk ･ Establishment and operation of the company-led safe work permit process for hazardous work 03. Support for fostering safety environment experts and strengthening support for partners ･ Foster professional manpower with comprehensive knowledge and response capabilities in connection with universities and research institutes ･ Support for securing safety competency by providing training infrastructure for partners and developing/ operating training courses 04. Reinforcement of authority and capacity of safety organization such as the establishment of Chief Safety and Environment Officer (CSEO) and expansion of manpower ･ Establish the CSEO organization to serve as the company-wide safety and environment control tower ･ Reinforcement of personnel to strengthen on-site response capabilities and secure expertise by recruiting safety/environmental experts. 
Four Major Safety Management Innovation Measures. 
Percentage of ISO 45001 Certifications Obtained at Domestic/ Overseas Manufacturing Bases 100 %
Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification. 
Material Issue 01


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 36 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Main Features of the Integrated Safety Management System. 
Item Main Features. 
Health and Safety Information Provides materials such as safety standards, guidelines, and guides. 
Safety Work Management Work permit status, dangerous work information, risk assessment DB, safety officer certification. 
Safety Culture Provides safety talk materials, compliments employees. 
Smart Safety Suggestion Requests improvement of safety nonconformity cases, suggests safety related ideas. 
Accident History and Statistics Near accidents, accident reporting and analysis, accident generalization, accident trends and statistics. 
Education and Training Management Establishes safety education/emergency training plans and checks progress status. 
Chemical Substances Provides data such as chemical substance status inquiry, MSDS, etc.
Protective Gear Management Purchases protective gear, manages payment history. 
Legal Activity Management PSM (Process Safety Management), hazardous machine tools and dangerous materials safety management. 
Integrated Safety Management System (ISM)
LG Display has established an integrated safety management system (ISM) to efficiently operate health and safety activities and prevent omissions from legal tasks in the health and safety fields such as the Industrial Health and Safety Act, the High-Pressure Gas Safety Management Act, and the Nuclear Safety Act. Systematic safety management is made possible through a chemical substance management system, accident history management, and inspection of health and safety-related laws and regulations.
In the long term, we will build a leading smart health and safety system by integrating digital and IT innovative technologies with the health and safety management area through the legal work system management and health management reinforcement system currently under development.
Reduction of Fundamental Risks at the Worksite. 
The equipment safety certification system implemented by LG Display is a system that evaluates all new equipment by applying equipment safety specifications that comply with domestic and international standards. The department in charge reflects safety specifications on all equipment in the company from the time of investment, and reconfirms the reflection of safety specifications by conducting self-evaluation.
In addition, equipment risks are derived and improved by inspecting equipment in operation as well as before registration. In this way, we prevent accidents caused by equipment and minimize the underlying risk factors.
In addition, LG Display seeks to prevent disasters by identifying potential risk factors and risk assessment through prior risk assessment for all work carried out within the worksite.
6. Review the Suitability of the Action Plan 4. Decide on Risk Acceptability 5. Prepare Risk Management Action Plan 3. Risk Assessment and Decision 2. Find and Identify Risk Factors 7. Register and Manage Major Risks. 
Stages of Safety Risk Assessment 1. Classify Work Activities. 
Emergency Response System. 
LG Display's central control room monitors firefighting equipment, utilities, weather information, and gas and chemical information comprehensively and in real-time. In addition, in case of emergency, we are equipped with a system and specialized personnel that can promptly diffuse the situation and respond to it. We are advancing our differentiated emergency response capabilities by introducing a twoway communication system between the central control room and worksites, applying an intelligent control system, and expanding the provision of specialized disaster prevention equipment to emergency response routes.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 37 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Safety Rules and 8 Life Rules. 
LG Display has enacted the LG Display Safety Rules and is implementing them to prevent safety accidents for the company and its partners' employees at business sites. In addition, we are taking the lead in preventing serious accidents by enacting the 8 Life Rules for safety devices, confined spaces, heights, electricity, heavy objects, forklifts, flammables, and chemicals. Various efforts are made to establish such a safe work culture.
Strengthening of Employee Safety Competency. 
LG Display is carrying out various activities related to occupational health and safety to provide a safe working environment and become a trusted company that fulfills its social responsibilities. First, we operate a smart safety suggestion system to listen to opinions about health and safety related nonconformities, and reward contributors so that they can discover risk factors on their own. In addition, we are strengthening our employees' risk management capabilities by conducting regular and ad hoc risk assessments to identify potential risks with the participation of employees.
With the belief that “people (behavior) are the key to accident prevention,” we introduced activity-based behavioral safety that reinforces individual safety behaviors and improves unsafe behaviors, and have continued to apply it to the entire production organization since 2018. In addition, regular health and safety training, statutory mandatory education including safety training for managers and supervisors, 'Safety and Health Mind-set’ training for all employees, and specialized training courses for each class/job are operated to reinforce the competence of our employees. Courses for safety competency reinforcement are held annually for the target audience for each course.
In addition, we are also striving to spread a culture of safety management by providing field-oriented training programs such as safety schools and safety experience centers* for our employees and the employees of our partners. In addition, by establishing an IT-based competitive first aid practice system that allows students to learn basic CPR and how to use an automatic defibrillator, we are supporting our employees and partner companies to develop their ability to respond to emergencies. By providing appropriate personal protective equipment in case of out-of-control situations, we are enhancing the safety of both our employees and the employees of our partners.
* Safety experience training center recognized by the Korea Occupational Health and Safety Agency 8 Life Rules 8 Life Rules to Prevent Serious (Fatal) Accidents 1 Unauthorized removal and change of safety devices is prohibited, and if necessary, approval must be obtained.
2 For work in high places, take fall prevention measures (safety belts, etc.).
3 When working with heavy objects, take preventive measures to avoid separation and overturning.
4 When working with fire, isolate the surrounding flammable materials.
5 Before and during work in confined spaces, measure oxygen concentration and harmful gases.
6 Perform all electrical work after checking that everything is disconnected.
7 For forklift operation, observe the speed limit and wear a seat belt.
8 When working with chemicals, take measures to prevent leakage (close valves, remove residue, etc.).
LG Display Safety Rules. 
The Safety Rules, the basics of preventing accidents 1 Be sure to follow the 8 Life Rules.
2 All work procedures include and comply with safety rules.
3 Do plenty of warm-ups before outdoor events such as exercise.
4 Immediately report any case of safety nonconformity or accidents to the central control room.
5 Provide risk information to partners and grant permission for safe work prior to work.
6 Wear suitable safety equipment when working.
7 Wear a seat belt while driving a vehicle and do not drink and drive.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 38 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Employee Health Promotion Activities. 
LG Display is carrying out various activities to prevent diseases and manage the health of our employees. First, to minimize the potential health risks of our employees, we are continuing to conduct regular health level assessments, promoting preventive health policies, and improving the chemical substance management system. In the event that some of the employees who have worked at our business sites and the employees of our resident partners have cases of cancer, rare or incurable diseases, or their children need medical support, we provide comprehensive support regardless of whether or not it is related to their work.
In addition, we provide customized medical services such as comprehensive health check-ups and vaccinations through the operation of the in-house affiliated clinic and health management rooms. The root causes of the examination results and work-related accidents, injuries, and diseases are identified through trend analysis. We are taking measures to improve medical services by listening to employees' VOCs such as satisfaction surveys for medical facilities and deliberation/resolution by the Industrial Health and Safety Committee.
Program for Safety Culture. 
LG Display operates a variety of in-house programs to bring about changes in the safety awareness of our employees. In the process, we are working to establish our own safety culture by establishing improvement directions such as safety culture awareness diagnoses and safety culture consulting together with specialized external agencies. In particular, we have established three safety culture goals and principles, including changes in employee safety awareness, safety behavior-oriented activities, and the creation of an autonomous safety environment and system, and are promoting a step-by-step and systematic safety culture.
We are providing health and safety knowledge and information through the installation of banners on health and safety guidelines and safety behaviors and a letter of safety culture, as well as sharing “near accidents,” “safety praise,” and “best practices” with employees. In addition, to reinforce the awareness of the importance of safety, we are providing safety mindset training to help raise safety awareness among all employees.
Safety Management System for Suppliers. 
In order to improve the safety level of suppliers, LG Display has formed a joint cooperation group with internal and external suppliers handling hazardous chemical substances to operate a symbiotic cooperation program including the planning, implementation, and evaluation of health and safety activities. In particular, through technical support for risk assessment, we are discovering, taking action, and improving harmful risk factors in the workplace, and based on this, we are promoting mutual safety activities with our partners to prevent accidents.
In addition, our company endorses obligatory health and safety management when signing contracts with suppliers for equipment, facilities, construction, and raw materials, and are regularly inspecting the health and safety management systems of high-risk partners, including employee education, health examination, and risk assessment, once a year. Based on the inspection results, we are helping to develop improvement plans and upgrade the management system of our partners, and are promoting the safety level of our partners through the evaluation of qualified contractors.
Safety Training and Capacity Building for Suppliers. 
LG Display is raising the level of safety management by ensuring that only personnel with professional competency through face-to-face training and evaluation of the safety officer basic course (4hrs) of business partners perform the role of safety officer in charge of work safety management. By establishing a safety academy, we are securing practical competencies in health and safety by providing safety belt experience, fire suppression experience, and CPR practice training as an in-depth course (8hrs) for safety officers.
In addition, all outsiders (including visitors and employees) who enter a business site are educated on LG Display’s Safety Rules, the 8 Life Rules, and safety rules online before entry. Safety management is thoroughly implemented by operating a system in which access is not allowed if training is not completed.
Communication with Suppliers. 
LG Display selects and awards excellent partners in three categories (safety management, safety evaluation, and safety suggestions) to encourage their excellence in activities. In addition, in order to activate two-way communication with partners, a monthly safety council is held and a smart safety suggestion system is always in operation.


39 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022. 
LG Display is making efforts to strengthen the competitiveness of its supply chain and secure sustainability in order to grow together with its suppliers in a situation where the supply chain crisis is deepening due to the external environment. We have established a system to collaborate with partners who are making efforts to fulfill their ESG responsibilities as well as competitiveness in technology, quality, and procurement. Also, based on open communication, we want to actively support our capabilities to strengthen the competitiveness of the supply chain.
Supply Chain Management. 
Purchase Policy. 
LG Display purchases raw materials, equipment, and foundries based on the principle of fair trade and mutual cooperation, and is doing its best to prevent partners from receiving undue losses from our business activities. We select and evaluate our suppliers through a fair and transparent process, and we give excellent suppliers the opportunity to increase their quantity and prioritize development. In addition, in order to respond to the rapidly changing external environment, we are conducting risk management activities on criteria such as credit, reputation, supply chain management (SCM), and ESG, and to strengthen the competitiveness of the supply chain, we are conducting mutual growth activities such as financial support, technical cooperation, and medical welfare support. LG Display will continue to strive to fulfill its ESG responsibilities and purchase competitive raw materials, equipment, etc.
Selection of New Suppliers. 
LG Display operates a partner portal (scs.lgdisplay.com) where any company wishing to do business can suggest raw material, equipment, etc. We give companies the opportunity to participate in trading if they have a competitive edge and meet our evaluation criteria. We register as potential partners who can participate in development by reviewing the applicability of the proposal, supply capacity, management policy, etc. Potential suppliers are registered as new suppliers after undergoing due diligence by specialized departments in production-related items such as purchase, quality, and delivery, and ESG evaluation items such as safety and environment. In 2021, new raw material suppliers were evaluated in the areas of labor and human rights, safety and health, and the environment. Going forward, we plan to minimize supply chain ESG risks and spread ESG management by strengthening ESG evaluation items and passing conditions.
Purchase Status. 
We purchase raw materials worth about KRW 14.2 trillion at our domestic business sites (Paju, Gumi) as well as our six overseas production subsidiaries (Guangzhou (GZ, CA, CO), Nanjing (NJ) and Yantai (YT) in China, and Haiphong (VH) in Vietnam).
Raw Material Purchase Amount by Production Corporation. 
Site Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Korea (Paju, Gumi) KRW 100 Million 58,103 48,377 54,826. 
China (GZ, CA, CO, NJ, YT) KRW 100 Million 60,871 60,294 65,771. 
Vietnam (VH) KRW 100 Million 6,951 14,846 21,200. 
Poland* KRW 100 Million 45 --
Total KRW 100 Million 125,970 123,517 141,797 * Poland withdrew its business in 2019 ※ Based on the purchase amount of major raw materials (raw materials whose main source is specified in the business report)
New Suppliers Registration Procedure and Evaluation Detail 01 Business Proposal from Partner ･ Review of Business Partners’ Business Proposals 02 Registration of Potential Partners ･ Credit (financial) evaluation ･ Purchase consultation evaluation 03 Registration of New Partners ･ Inspection Evaluation : Purchase/ Quality/Safety/ Environment/ Labor/Conflict Minerals. 
Regular Evaluation of Suppliers. 
LG Display conducts regular annual evaluations on business partners in order to establish fair and transparent trading relationships in the selection of partners. LG Display conducts performance evaluations on items such as quality, delivery time, and price, as well as competitiveness evaluations such as development capability and productivity, and gives suppliers with excellent evaluation results an opportunity to increase production volume and prioritize development. Regarding sustainability, we plan to strengthen ESG competitiveness in the supply chain by adding evaluation items such as labor, human rights, health, and ethics to the current environment and safety items.
• Evaluation items: Performance evaluation (quality, price, delivery, response, environment, safety, shared growth), competitiveness evaluation (development ability, productivity, quality, SCM, finance) • Evaluation grade: Excellent (A, B), Poor (C, D, E)
Material Issue 04


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 40 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Supply Chain ESG Management. 
As a global company, LG Display has joined the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) in 2021 to manage ESG risks more systematically throughout the supply chain, and create sustainable values by cooperating with various stakeholders including customers and business partners. In addition, as we acknowledge the importance of sustainable supply chain management, we inspect the entire supply chain and make improvements to the operation and management of not only domestic and overseas business sites but also of business partners in accordance with the RBA evaluation methodology and customer ESG requirements. We also support various ESG competency reinforcement programs for our partners. LG Display is committed to securing sustainability across the supply chain by upgrading its supply chain management policies and evaluation management system.
Supply Chain ESG Management Policy. 
LG Display has enacted the ‘LG Display ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct’ to ensure that all business partners involved in product production establish a safe working environment and run their companies in an environmentally friendly and ethical manner while respecting all workers. The ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct consists of the following categories: labor and human rights, health and safety, environment, ethics, management system, and conflict minerals, based on the RBA and customer and partner code of conduct and revisions are made regularly. This code is also included in the standard contract to ensure that our suppliers comply with the established code of conduct and thoroughly follow all applicable laws and customer requirements. Details are provided in the ‘Supply Chain ESG Standard’ for reference.
Supplier ESG Evaluation System. 
To manage supply chain ESG risks more effectively, LG Display has reorganized the supplier ESG evaluation system to confirm whether major suppliers comply with the ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct by conducting evaluation at least once a year. After selecting suppliers that are eligible for evaluation process, we conduct a self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ) and on-site inspection in order. We establish improvement plans based on findings from third party on-site inspections and once we confirm that the supplier has corrected the deficiency, we carry out another round of verifications and confirm the completion.
We added our main raw material suppliers to the list of existing foundry companies in 2021 and are planning to expand the scope to include all raw material suppliers in 2022. In addition, we plan to align the self-diagnosis questions to match the risk assessment and improve the credibility of the assessment results by increasing the ratio of third-party on-site inspections. We will continuously manage our partners’ ESG risks according to global standards and build a mutually beneficial system by expanding support for partner companies' improvement activities.
Selection of Evaluation Targets ･ Consideration of transaction amount size, business continuity, strategic/ technical importance, etc.
Conduct SAQ and Analyze Results ･ Conducting SAQ (selfassessment ･ Analysis of evaluation results and weak areas. 
Third Party Due Diligence ･ SAQ results and selection of targets for risk consideration by region ･ Third party on-site inspection ･ Request for improvement of findings ･ Improvement plan establishment/ implementation support. 
Verification of Improvement ･ Verification of completion of improvement (documentation, field)
Improvement Plan Establishment/ Implementation. 
Supplier ESG Evaluation Process. 
Labor and Human Rights. 
Voluntary work, protection of minors, working hours, wages and benefits, humane treatment, non-discrimination, freedom of association. 
Health and Safety. 
Occupational safety, emergency evacuation, occupational accidents and illnesses, occupational health, physically demanding labor, machine safety protection, hygiene/food/ housing, health and safety education. 
Environment. 
Reporting on environment-related licenses, pollution prevention and resource use reduction, hazardous chemicals, wastewater/solid waste, air pollution, regulation of substances contained in products, stormwater management. 
Business Ethics. 
Compliance with Jeong-Do Management, prohibition of unfair profit, information disclosure, intellectual property protection, identity protection, prohibition of retaliation, community contribution, customer/personal information protection, fair trade/advertisement and competition, avoidance of conflicts of interest. 
Management System. 
Expression of purpose, management responsibility, legal/ customer response, risk assessment management, improvement goals, training, communication, employee participation, evaluation improvement measures, documents and records, supplier responsibilities. 
Conflict Minerals Responsible mineral procurement. 
Main Features of the LG Display ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 41 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Selection of Suppliers Subject to Evaluation. 
LG Display has expanded the scope of eligible suppliers for evaluation from existing foundry suppliers to raw material suppliers to reinforce its supply chain responsibility. In 2021, out of a total of 575 foundry and raw material suppliers, those who are directly involved in the product assembly process and 84 raw material suppliers which rank in the top 80% in terms of procurement amount by site are classified as major tier 1 suppliers and selected as suppliers subject to evaluation.
Improvement of Evaluation Results. 
Major issues identified through the SAQ and third party on-site inspections included overtime hours, obstructed emergency evacuation routes, and insufficient emergency response procedures, and these issues have been rectified. LG Display allows the partners to establish their own improvement plans to address the identified issues and risks and keeps them on track to implementing their improvement plans within 90 days. We support our partners in establishing their improvement plans and executing them. In detail, we use our know-hows to help them prioritize action plans depending on the risk level, implement them within the deadline, and check on them at regular intervals (30/60/90 days). We incorporate the improvement progress and on-site inspection results of our partners in our quarterly supplier evaluation.
Current Status of Major Suppliers and Share of Purchase Costs. 
Category Selection Criteria Number of Suppliers. 
Purchase Share (%)
Tier 1 Suppliers Raw materials and foundry suppliers 575 100. 
Major Tier 1 Suppliers Partners with high purchase amount and continuity, strategic/ technical importance 84 36.1. 
SAQ and Third Party On-Site Due Diligence. 
LG Display conducted a self-evaluation on 84 major tier 1 suppliers in 2021. The suppliers subject to evaluation responded to the RBA Facility SAQ, and as a result, 20 suppliers were identified as high-risk. We included not only high-risk suppliers but also moderate to low-risk suppliers, a total of 23 suppliers, to conduct third party on-site inspections by taking the risk ratio by region and the responses into account. The analysis showed that high-risk and low-performing suppliers had insufficient environmental licensing procedures or ethical policies, and no significant risks were found as a result of on-site inspections.
The purpose of third party on-site due diligence is to identify actual risks and to improve and manage the identified risks. To increase the reliability of the inspection results, we did out best to objectively assess compliance items by reviewing related documents, conducting on-site inspection, employee interviews, etc.
On-site Inspection and Improvement Management of Tier 1 Suppliers. 
Category Number of Suppliers Number of Third Party On-Site Inspections Ratio(%)
All Suppliers Subject to Evaluation 575 23 4.0. 
Major Tier 1 Suppliers 84 23 27.4. 
High-risk Suppliers 20 14 70. 
Corrective Actions Based on ESG Assessment. 
Category Ratio (%)
Suppliers identified as high risk that established a corrective action plan 100. 
Suppliers who have improved their ESG performance within 12 months of establishing a corrective action plan 100. 
ESG Capacity Building Support for Suppliers. 
LG Display provides ESG training for business partners to enhance their understanding of ESG and to raise awareness of their responsibility in ESG. In 2021, we trained 3 production subsidiaries and partners in China (104 companies, 232 employees) about the ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct, so that they could proactively carry out compliance management activities. Going forward, we will expand the scope to train management of major partners as well as all raw material partners and support them to enhance their ESG management capabilities.
In addition, LG Display implemented eco-friendly green SCM consulting and carbon partnership certification projects as part of our efforts to promote green mutual growth as Korean government regulations and customers are increasingly demanding for information disclosure of our business partners. Green SCM Consulting, introduced in 2012, is a project to support partner companies' environmental management and help them build a greenhouse gas inventory and reduce energy consumption.
Since 2012, a total of 88 (cumulative) partners have strengthened their capacity to respond to climate change. Out of these, 36 companies have been certified for carbon partnerships, and we are working hard to minimize the environmental impact with our partners. Green SCM consulting partners and carbon partnership certified partners are given additional points in the regular purchase evaluation.
Risk Judgment Criteria. 
Low-risk (≥85)
Moderate risk (≥65, <85)
High risk (<65) 1) SAQ Points 2) Processing partners directly involved in the product assembly process


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 42 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display Manufacturing Base ESG Risk Management. 
As a member of the display industry, LG Display is doing its best to minimize the negative environmental and social impact of its business activities. As a member of the RBA, we are actively managing ESG risks at our business sites by periodically tracking whether they comply with the RBA norms as well as the customer supply chain code of conduct. Going forward, we will continue to manage ESG risks based on close collaboration between a specialized organization under the headquarters and overseas subsidiaries and strive to operate a sustainable supply chain by improving the identified nonconformities.
ESG Risk Management System. 
LG Display is fulfilling its responsibilities as a major participant in the global supply chain by evaluating compliance with the RBA and customer supply chain code of conduct and address nonconformities. Evaluation is done by carrying out a third party on-site inspections on labor and human rights, health and safety, the environment and ethics. The ESG supply chain team at headquarters runs an integrated management system for ESG risks and has designated a person in charge for each business site area to conduct training, inspection, and improvement activities.
LG Display ESG Risk Management Organization at Manufacturing Bases 62 People in Total. 
Paju [18] Gumi [14] Nanjing [5] Guangzhou [15] Yantai [5] Vietnam [5] ※ DRI (Directly Responsible Individual) response system for the bases · 1 Director, at least 1 person per area · Safety: management department, on-site department · Ethics: support through the HQ’s functional organization. 
In 2021, we conducted on-site due diligence including the RBA VAP (Validated Assessment Program) and equivalent methods for 7 out of 8 business sites, and plan to manage risks for the remaining 2 business sites in 2022.
ESG Evaluation Results and Improvement Activities. 
Improvements based on the findings identified during the on-site inspections are made within 90 days, and this process is managed through regular monitoring every 30 days. For issues that are difficult to resolve within each site, we are implementing company-wide policy improvement and regular monitoring through consultations between HQ and related departments. In 2021, a total of 10 third-party on-site inspections were conducted for 7 out of 8 business sites. As a result, a total of 49 nonconformities were identified. As of now, 36 of these have been improved and 7 are in the process of improvement.
Area and Details Total Critical Nonconformity Priority Other Non-conformities Major+Minor. 
Completed Improvements Total Completed Improvements Total Completed Improvements Total. 
Labor/Human Rights 8 18 8 18. 
Working Hours 3 13 3 13. 
Wages and Benefits 4 4 4 4. 
Freedom of Association 1 1 1 1. 
Safety/Health 19 21 2 2 17 19. 
Occupational Health and Safety Management 4 4 4 4. 
Preparations in case of Emergencies 11 12 2 2 9 10. 
Occupational Health 3 4 3 4. 
Sanitation, Food, Housing 1 1 1 1. 
Environment 3 3 3 3. 
Hazardous Substances 1 1 1 1. 
Air Pollution 1 1 1 1. 
Good Agricultural Practices 1 1 1 1. 
Ethics 1 1. 
Compliance with Jeong-Do Management and Prohibition of Unjust Profits 1 1. 
Management System 6 6 6 6. 
Risk Assessment and Management 1 1 1 1. 
Training 2 2 2 2. 
Corrective and Preventive Action Process 1 1 1 1. 
Supplier Responsibilities 2 2 2 2. 
Total 36 49 2 2 34 47 73% 100% 72% 3rd Party Evaluation Results on LG Display Manufacturing Bases


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 43 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Conflict Minerals Management. 
As a global company, LG Display strives to fulfill its social responsibilities throughout the supply chain and strive to comply with laws. We have established a conflict minerals management policy in accordance with the OECD Due Diligence Guidelines, and are striving to obtain minerals from conflict-free smelters. In addition, we are monitoring to ensure that minerals related to armed forces in conflict zones are not manufactured and produced with our products through our partners. As a member of the RMI (Responsible Minerals Initiative)*, LG Display will continue to strive to manage the use of conflict minerals in a transparent manner throughout the supply chain and respect human rights and the environment.
Conflict Minerals Management Policy. 
LG Display has established a conflict minerals management policy to ensure that conflict minerals are not included in the supply chain for the production of our products in order to comply with laws and fulfill our social responsibilities. In addition, we are supporting and monitoring our partners so that they can purchase through smelters free from conflict minerals by requesting partners to establish conflict mineral policies and procedures, investigate the status of conflict minerals use, and establish risk response procedures and plans.
In addition, we established roles and responsibilities for each department and established systematic management procedures through a TFT made up of internal and external experts. In the future, LG Display will actively participate in international efforts to ban the use of conflict minerals together with our partners and customers, and strive to ensure that conflict minerals related to armed groups in conflict zones are not included in the supply chain for our products. Through this, we will fulfill our social responsibility to protect the human rights of the Democratic Republic of Congo and neighboring countries.
Conflict Minerals Management Policy. 
As a responsible corporate citizen, LG Display will ensure that conflict minerals related to armed groups in conflict zones are not included in the supply chain for its products.
･ By applying international standards regulating conflict minerals, we will establish a conflict minerals work process for legal compliance, and will actively support activities to ban the use of conflict minerals promoted by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI)*.
･ We will use the Conflict Minerals Usage Reporting Questionnaire provided by the RMI to determine the names and locations of all smelters for tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold used in our products.
･ We will request partners to submit a questionnaire on the use of conflict minerals and to confirm in writing that they do not use conflict minerals.
･ We will support our partners to purchase minerals from smelters certified by RMAP (Responsible Minerals Assurance Process)**. (You can check the list of smelters free from conflict on the CFS List website.) ･ The due diligence procedure will be established in accordance with the OECD Due Diligence Guidelines, and if necessary, due diligence will be conducted on the procedures and data used by partners to report the use of conflict minerals.
･ In accordance with the Conflict Minerals Act, we will disclose the status of our use of conflict minerals externally every year.
LG Display requires all partners to fully familiarize themselves with US conflict minerals laws and strictly abide by our conflict minerals management policy so that our conflict minerals management policy can be consistently applied within the lower supply chain. As such, LG Display's partners must undergo the following procedures: ･ Partners shall establish documented conflict minerals management policies and procedures so that products supplied to LG Display do not contain conflict minerals that contribute to the interests of armed groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo or neighboring countries.
･ Partners shall make the effort in good faith to identify the names and locations of all smelters from which conflict minerals are purchased in the supply chain.
･ Partners shall fill out and submit a conflict mineral use report questionnaire in a timely manner at LG Display's request.
･ Partners shall take corrective actions in a timely manner when risks in the supply chain are discovered.
･ If LG Display does not receive sufficient information from the partner about whether conflict minerals are used or if the partner provides information that is not true, or if risks are found in the partner’s supply chain but the partner does not take action, LG Display may suspend transactions with the partner.
LG Display will actively participate in international efforts to ban the use of conflict minerals together with our partners and clients, thereby fulfilling our social responsibility to protect the human rights of the Democratic Republic of Congo and neighboring countries.
* RMI (Responsible Minerals Initiative): As a Responsible Minerals Initiative, it provides management tools and resources related to responsible mineral sourcing to companies ** RMAP (Responsible Minerals Assurance Process): A Responsible Minerals Assurance Process established by the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). Smelters that reject RMAP are excluded from our supply chain


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 44 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Major Activities and Plans Concerning Conflict Minerals. 
LG Display supports suppliers in becoming aware of the regulations on conflict minerals by sharing our conflict minerals policy and educating our partners about them. In accordance with international standards and guidelines, we have been conducting periodic investigations on the use of conflict minerals by our partners by signing a purchase contract that reflects the policy to prohibit the use of conflict minerals for all partners, and enacted the ‘LG Display ESG Supply Chain Code of Conduct’ for partners to encourage them to actively participate in the policy to prohibit the use of conflict minerals.
Through continuous supply chain due diligence and monitoring, we are working hard to ensure that minerals are supplied from conflict-free smelters. Through this, we will lead the voluntary response of our partners and promote participation in the RMAP by communicating directly with the smelter. Furthermore, through cooperation with various stakeholders such as the RMI, clients, partners, and the government, we will strive to responsibly procure minerals so that we do not use unethical minerals related to human rights violations and environmental destruction as well as minerals related to armed groups in conflict zones.
Conflict Minerals Management and Risk Improvement. 
For conflict minerals management and risk management, LG Display acquires 100% of the CMRT* from primary partners excluding the raw material partners whose transactions have been suspended, which are included in all of our products (TV, IT, Mobile, Commercial, Automotive Display). We are conducting risk management by identifying smelters with risks through CMRT consistency and reliability review and risk analysis, requesting risk improvement activities, and obtaining a written commitment. When risks arise from a new partner, we take immediate action for improvement.
Through this conflict minerals response process, it was confirmed that a total of 231 smelters were used in the supply chain in 2021. 230 smelters were confirmed to have used conformant smelters, and one smelter was confirmed to use an active smelter. We will set a suitable goal and carry out continuous management so that 100% of the smelters used participated in RMAP certification. Information such as LG Display's conflict minerals management policy and usage status is disclosed on the website for everyone to see.
* CMRT: Conflict Minerals Reporting Template. 
Major Detailed Activities ･ Inspection of smelter information with customers and partners ･ Conducting product level surveys ･ Encouraging smelters to participate in RMAP. 
Smelter Consistency Work ･ Analysis of the usage status of conflict minerals by buyers and models ･ Real-time risk identification and improvement monitoring. 
Conflict Mineral System Implementation ･ Becoming an RMI member and participating in it ･ Participation in public/private company forums and conferences ･ Opening of a hotline ･ Operation of a LG Group affiliates (LG Display, LG Electronics, LG Chem, LG Innotek) consultative body. 
Internal / External Communication ･ 2013-14: Training on conflict minerals management policies and regulatory trends for primary to tertiary partners ･ 2015-present: Additional training for partners if necessary. 
Suppliers Training


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 45 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Shared Growth Promotion System. 
LG Display believes that it is essential to grow together with various partners in the supply chain in order to reinforce competitiveness in the supply chain. We are operating various mutual cooperation programs with open communication, active collaboration, as well as changing and leaping forward as our core values. We are striving to secure the competitiveness of our partners through financial support, technological cooperation, as well as medical welfare support, and to actively communicate with our partners through various online and offline channels.
Mutual Cooperation Strategy System. 
LG Display is promoting a variety of shared growth activities under the win-win philosophy that “the competitiveness of partners is the competitiveness of LG Display.” In particular, the “new mutual cooperation system” was introduced to resolve the vertical relationship formed between primary, secondary, and tertiary partners and to create a horizontal mutual ecosystem with all partners. The new mutual cooperation system expands the mutual growth program in the three areas of finance, technology, and medical welfare to include secondary and tertiary partners, thereby simultaneously enhancing the competitiveness of partners and our company. LG Display is constantly striving to create a mutual ecosystem, and as a result, it has been awarded the “Best Grade” in the Win-Win Index for seven consecutive years since 2014.
Conclusion of Agreement for Shared Growth Between Partners. 
LG Display's mutual growth agreement is a promise for mutual compliance with fair trade laws and mutual cooperation to establish an autonomous fair trade order. LG Display signed agreements with a total of 80 companies in 2021 to actively participate in the spread of shared growth. In addition, we signed agreements for mutual growth between primary and secondary partners, and signed agreements with 15 primary partners and 67 secondary partners. By signing this agreement, we are supporting secondary and lower-level partners so that they can grow together.
Contributing to Financial Soundness Through Financial Support and the Mutual Payment System. 
LG Display is helping partners improve their financial soundness through various financial support. Through direct financial support such as interest-free loans for mutually beneficial technological cooperation funds and early payment of holiday funds, we are helping partners to manage their funds smoothly. In addition, we implemented various financial support including direct and indirect methods, including the provision of low-interest loan products through indirect support with mutual growth funds and network loans. LG Display has operated a mutual payment system* since July 2015, and this system enables the smooth collection of payments from secondary partners. LG Display is working hard to ensure that the support given to the primary partners by LG Display is passed down to secondary and tertiary partners voluntarily by the primary partners to promote shared growth in the second and third phases.
* Mutual payment system: an inter-company settlement product provided by commercial banks so that primary partners can pay for purchases to secondary partners based on trade receivables paid by large corporations to primary partners. 
Sympathizing with the difficult situation of its partners due to the COVID-19, LG Display paid 25 billion won in advance for subcontracting to 34 companies on the occasion of the Lunar New Year and Chuseok holidays, and delayed repayment of a loan of two billion won from one partner. Through such financial support, we practiced mutual management, contributing to easing the financial burden of small and medium-sized partners and revitalizing the domestic economy. In addition, we provided support with visa issuance and plane boarding for business partners who are having difficulties traveling abroad due to COVID-19, and provided transportation for quarantine, corona inspection fees, and immigration support.
COVID-19 Support for Suppliers • Expanding mutual support to more than 2,000 secondary and tertiary partners • Creating a horizontal mutual ecosystem among all partners. 
LG Display’s 「New Mutual Cooperation System」 ･ Mutual technology cooperation fund: - 100 billion won procured - Direct loans to secondary and tertiary partners (interest-free) ･ Mutual growth fund: Lowinterest loans affiliated with financial institutions. 
Financial Support ･ Expansion of the subjects for new technology equipment competition ･ Strengthening of equipment localization and joint technology development ･ Manufacturing innovation activities. 
Technological Cooperation ･ Non-discriminatory medical support in case of sickness of resident partners’ employees ･ Strengthening of support for creating a safe working environment for secondary and tertiary partners. 
Medical Welfare Support


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 46 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Cultivation of Partner-led Technological Capabilities. 
LG Display pursues technological innovation of partners beyond simple cooperation with “innovation from partners” as its core technology strategy. For this, we are cultivating the technological capabilities of our partners by implementing various programs such as joint R&D, manufacturing innovation activities, and competition for new technology equipment. In 2021, we conducted 22 joint R&D projects with our partners, and we aim to carry out 30 joint R&D projects with our partners every year by 2023. Through this development, we are maintaining technological competitiveness by supporting joint development and patent applications for partner companies' excellent technologies. A total of 326 manufacturing innovation activities, such as technological guidance and improvement to improve the level of manufacturing capabilities and quality/productivity of partners, were carried out.
Medical Support for Partners. 
LG Display provides direct and indirect support related to partners' management, such as medical welfare and health and safety improvement activities. In-house medical facilities for employees are open for use by employees of partners, and in 2021, medical welfare was provided to 499 employees of 148 resident partners. In addition, in 2021, we provided technical support for risk assessment projects and safety training to 42 partners to improve health and safety at their business sites, and provided 82,560 masks in response to COVID-19.
Reinforcement of Partner Training Infrastructure. 
LG Display provides practical training courses free of charge to partners that do not have sufficient education and training infrastructure. We are expanding the scope of support to secondary and tertiary partners by converting all offline training courses provided only to primary partners online. In particular, starting from the fourth quarter of 2019, we made online training available for free to LG Display partners and even SMEs that are not LG Display partners. We are operating training courses that can provide direct help in practice, and in 2021, 3,038 people from 96 companies took the course.
Strengthening Communication with Partners. 
The Shared Growth Portal is LG Display's own online platform for more transparent and active communication with partners. This website makes it possible to communicate with partners for various purposes through various channels such as the Shared Growth Board, e-VOS, and Shared Growth Voice, and the opinions gathered through the portal are reflected in future shared growth activities.
The New Year’s Meeting for Shared Growth at the beginning of the year and the Year-end Manufacturing Innovation Sharing Meeting, which were used to be held offline, were held online in line with the government’s social distancing policy to share the new year’s business plans and the achievements of the year, and also seek cooperation methods to lead the future display market. Training support for partners was also converted to online training after collecting opinions about group training that was conducted offline, and during this conversion, the subjects for training were expanded from primary partners to include secondary and tertiary partners. Technical and Financial Support in 2021. 
Manufacturing Innovation Activities 326 times. 
Trade Secret Original Verification Service 14 cases * For secondary and lower-level partners, the subsidy was doubled. 
Joint R&D 188 billion won. 
Financial Support* 1,139 billion won


47 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022. 
Human Resources Management. 
Talent Management. 
Under the belief that talented people are the best assets, LG Display is doing its best to create an environment where employees can create results and to provide recognition and treatment fit for global top performance. In addition, we are working hard to actively secure and develop talented individuals who can put our company’s norms into practice.
Human Resource Policy. 
LG Display is creating an agile and horizontal system under the goal of “role and performanceorientation,” and strives to foster role-oriented, practical experts and maintain a performance-oriented culture. In addition, in order to achieve the company's vision and goals, we strive to select talented individuals with job expertise and manners of conduct ideally possessed by employees. In the recruitment process, employees communicate transparently with applicants for equal and fair recruitment without discrimination based on age, gender, ethnicity, race, religion, region of birth, etc. We are also regularly conducting interviewer training through specialized institutions.
Recruitment of Talented Individuals. 
LG Display believes that securing talented individuals is essential to improving corporate competitiveness, and is operating various programs to proactively recruit talented people. In order to hire outstanding candidates in a timely manner, we are actively recruiting new and experienced people, as well as industryuniversity scholarship students. In particular, we are striving to secure excellent recruits in all occupations by selecting industry-university scholarship students not only for R&D but also for sales/marketing and staff positions.
In addition, as a global company, we are making various efforts to attract outstanding master's and doctoral recruits in the R&D field not only from Korea but also from overseas regions such as the US, Japan, and Europe. Recruitment activities are conducted on- and offline in line with the COVID-19 era, and careful consideration is given to ensure that there are no inconveniences for applicants starting from the application process to the soft landing after joining the company.
In order to proactively respond to the next-generation display industry, which is difficult to develop and is expected to generate convergence between various industries, LG Display launched the ‘Display Convergence Engineering Department’ at Yonsei University in December 2021. Through next-generation technological innovation and convergence with various industrial fields, we aim to systematically nurture talented key individuals needed to lead the future display industry, and to enhance the competitiveness of Korea’s display industry. In the future, we will continue to work with leading universities in Korea to proactively secure talented individuals.
LG Display’s Human Resource Principles “Role/ Performance” Oriented. 
HR Platform. 
Agile and Horizontal System ･ Simplification of positions (“head” abolished) ･ Fast communication and execution by reducing reporting steps and through empowerment. 
Directing Towards Role-oriented HR Practical Experts ･ Assignment of titles and responsibilities appropriate to the roles ･ Encouragement of the growth of practical experts by expanding role value. 
Continuation of Performanceoriented Culture ･ Reinforcement of rewards based on roles/ performance ･ Flexible system operation based on performance. 
Material Issue 09


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 48 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Employee Capacity Building Based on IDPs. 
LG Display is actively utilizing the Individual Development Plan (IDP), a competency development system designed and managed together by individuals and organizations to support the long-term development of employee job competency. Every year, employees voluntarily establish a self-development plan based on their assigned tasks and execute this plan after confirmation via discussion with a leader. In particular, we support self-directed competency development by meeting the needs and directions of individuals and companies through frequent one-on-one interviews with managers. These IDP-based competency development activities serve as a stepping stone for our employees to acquire their capabilities as future leaders and experts.
Implementing an Agile and Horizontal System. 
LG Display classifies tracks from the growth perspective, and assigns titles and responsibilities appropriate to roles. We want to create a more agile and horizontal system through role/performanceoriented personnel management.
Talent Development System. 
LG Display is using a talent development system to create better organizational performance and secure the expertise of its employees. Based on the recognition that the growth of employees is the growth engine of the organization, we would like to support the establishment and implementation of roadmaps for self-directed competency development. We are operating a variety of training programs such as leadership programs, training programs for each position, programs for each specialized job, and programs for common duties to help our employees strengthen their capabilities and grow.
Systematic Training to Develop Leaders. 
LG Display has established “LG Display Leadership” and continuously shared it to foster excellent leaders and maximize the organization's capabilities. In addition, we are conducting a leadership survey that provides feedback so that we can objectively understand our current status, and we are fostering leaders through cyclical processes such as coaching that provide opportunities for leadership development.
In addition, since employees born in the MZ generation account for about 80% of the total number of employees, Reverse Mentoring, in which new employees become mentors and executives become mentees, has been implemented since 2019 to promote mutual understanding between the generations and bring positive changes in working methods. This reverse mentoring continues to contribute to the establishment of a dynamic organizational culture and the discovery of business insights by management.
Leader Track. 
L2 Manager ･ Responsible for organizational management and performance. 
L1 Team Leader ･ Responsible for organizational operation and staff development. 
Expert Track. 
F Research/ Expert Committee ･ Responsible for company-wide leadership in the organization's technological capability and technology field. 
P1 Senior Employee ･ Independent execution of work ･ Supplementary/proactive execution of improvement tasks. 
P1 Employee ･ Training period, standard work execution. 
P2 Manager ･ Execution of tasks-oriented/ completionoriented work focused on improvement projects ･ Focus on experts in specific fields ･ Communication and action. 
Professional Track Individual Development Plan 01. 
Preparing a Career Vision. 
Identify individual strengths and areas in need of development through various information such as personal performance and work experience 02. 
Establishing an IDP. 
After establishing a career vision, set up an individual development plan to achieve this vision through selfreflection 03. 
Career Coaching. 
After establishing a specific action plan for personal career development with a superior, support smooth progress through continuous communication 04. 
Continuous Support. 
Continuous support for individual competency development at the company level, supplemented after checking satisfaction level. 
IDP(Individual Development Plan)
Office Position. 
Manager. 
Team Leader, Task Leader. 
Head. 
Senior. 
Staff. 
Leadership. 
Entrepreneur. 
Leader. 
Core Talent. 
Basic Specialized Job Global Functional Position. 
Supervisor (Chief/Chief Manager/Officer)
Technical Officer, Technical Assistant, Technical Staff Officer, Technician. 
LG Way/LGD Norms. 
Common Competency. 
Position Training. 
Newcomer Training. 
R&D. 
Production. 
Sales / Marketing. 
Common Duties. 
FSE. 
In-house Language Education


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 49 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Performance Management Process. 
LG Display ensures fair and transparent performance management along with employee growth through a series of processes including setting goals, inspection and evaluation, and interim feedback. We also offer performance management guides and coaching training for leaders so that they can better monitor the performance of employees and motivate them.
In addition, starting in 2021, we introduced strength-based peer feedback to ensure multi-faceted evaluation and break away from boss-centered one-directional evaluation. This allows employees to receive three-dimensional feedback from their colleagues in a collaborative manner and to enhance career development. As of December 2021, the proportion of employees who received this multi-faceted evaluation was 36.1%.
Fostering Experts in Each Field Through Job Training. 
LG Display has established a job training system for each field, such as production (process and equipment, quality, SCM, purchasing, health and safety, environmental technology, etc.), R&D, sales and marketing, etc. and provides a variety of training programs tailored to each employee's competency to ensure business competitiveness. We are fostering experts who are the core of business competitiveness. In particular, we are focusing on reinforcing our capabilities to solve critical issues such as the digital transformation towards Industry 4.0 and leading the OLED market, and we are doing our best to support business organizations by developing and providing customized competency development solutions.
Compensation System. 
By operating a reward system that corresponds to individual capabilities and achievements, we motivate our employees to develop their careers and improve their performance. We support not only fixed pay considering external competitiveness and individual performance, but also timely compensation for performance by operating variable payment systems. LG Display complies with laws related to compensation, including the minimum wage, and does not discriminate between genders. “In the case of long-term tasks (Y+3), executives comprehensively evaluate task indicators/goal achievement every year, and pay remuneration accordingly.“
Reinforcement of Engineers’ DX and Problem-solving Capabilities to Enhance Business Competitiveness. 
We are strengthening our AI/big data utilization capabilities by operating practical training programs for. 
AI algorithms and big data analysis so that engineers can actively respond to rapid changes in the Digital. 
Transformation (DX) environment. In addition, Six Sigma* training, a data-based problem-solving methodology, and TRIZ** training for creative problem-solving are provided to reinforce problem-solving capabilities.
* Six Sigma: A statistical problem-solving methodology that finds key causes and optimal conditions based on data ** TRIZ: A creative problem-solving methodology that finds key contradictions and solutions based on problem-solving algorithms derived from analyzing tens of millions of patents. 
Organizational Culture Diagnosis and Improvement. 
LG Display conducts the LG Way Survey every year for all LG Group affiliates. The LG Way Survey is conducted with a focus on “creating value for customers,” the management philosophy emphasized by LG. Through this survey, we check whether the “customer value-focused organizational culture” is operating smoothly within our organization, and based on the understanding of the current situation, we support change management activities such as discussing improvements for each organization, workshops, and coaching, in order to enable substantial changes to occur in each organizational unit. The positive response rate of the 2021 LG Way Survey conducted with domestic office workers and technicians concerning employee engagement was 82.9%.
Flexible Working Hours System. 
LG Display is operating various types of work systems to enhance employee satisfaction and work immersion. We operate a selective working hours system that allows employees to freely adjust their 40-hour work week without adhering to the typical 8-hour workday. We are also implementing telecommuting methods through at-home work and our base offices.
Variable Pay. 
Fixed Pay ･ Compensation Based on Company Performance (Operating Profit)
PS (Management Performance Pay) ･ Occasional compensation based on shortterm performance throughout the year (individual and collaborative performance)
Incentive ･ Differential compensation according to the individual performance level of the previous year. 
PI (Individual Performance Pay) ･ Compensation that comprehensively considers Individual competency/ performance. 
Basic Salary


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 50 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Welfare System. 
LG Display provides various welfare programs such as financial support for medical expenses and group insurance in order to to support individual development and a better life for employees. Through this system, we are striving to improve work satisfaction and commitment, making sure our employees are able to enjoy a healthy, abundant, and stable life both at work and at home.
Maternity Protection System. 
LG Display utilizes various maternity protection-related systems to ease the burden of childbirth and childcare for employees. We provide a stable childcare environment for our employees by operating childcare facilities within our business sites. We also provide paid leave before and after childbirth to prepare for and recover after childbirth, and even provide paternity leave to the spouse of the mother in order to encourage them to participate in childcare. In 2021, parental leave was extended from one year, which is the current legal standard, to a maximum of two years. For employees who have gone through miscarriages (themselves or their spouse), we provide vacation days in proportion to the number of weeks of pregnancy in order to support their recovery and wellbeing.
In addition, LG Display provides three days of paid leave per year to employees who wish to receive fertility treatment, as well as vacation days for prenatal examinations to ensure time for regular checkups for pregnant employees. Lastly, we have a family care vacation days (up to 10 days unpaid leave per year) and a family care leave of absence system (up to 90 days) that can be utilized when employee family members need care due to illness, old age, child rearing, etc.
Welfare System ･ Housing Loan Support: Support for housing loans for executives and employees who need to purchase or lease houses ･ Tuition support: Support for tuition fees for the children of employees from middle school to university ･ Congratulations and condolences support: Financial support and vacation days for various family events such as weddings and 60th birthdays of employees and their families ･ Others: Support for corporate housing, dormitories, commuting buses, workplace childcare facilities, etc.
Stable Life ･ Optional welfare benefits: Welfare benefit points that can be used according to individual needs ･ Support for informal group activities: Financial support for in-house club activities such as sports, volunteer activities, music, etc. ･ Recreational facilities: Support for accommodation expenses for stays at LG Life Training Centers and condominiums nationwide ･ Vacation: Support for employees' work & life balance through systems such as summer vacation days, holidays, turn-off vacation days, family care vacation days, etc.
Abundant Life ･ Medical expenses support: Financial support for medical expenses incurred to due illness or injury of employees or their families ･ Health check-up: Support for periodic comprehensive health check-ups for employees and their spouses ･ Group insurance: Insurance fee support in case of serious illness or disability of an employee. 
Healthy Life


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 51 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Happy Workplace Culture Program. 
Based on the management philosophy of “respect for humanity” emphasized in the LG Way, LG Display is developing a “Happy Workplace Culture Program” to create a great place to work for our employees. LG Display will continue to support our employees so that they can lead healthy and abundant lives, and so that both the company and its members can continue to flourish.
Joyful Energy Program. 
The organizational vitalization program aims to create a pleasant working atmosphere by striving for an enjoyable workplace as well as promoting teamwork and vitality within the organization. In order to realize these goals, on-site communication programs are conducted to allow key executives and employees to share their sincere feelings, and various activities are offered to foster camaraderie and boost morale.
By selecting “Joyful Members (office workers)” and “Joyful Creators (technicians)” in charge of this program for each organization, we enable employees to autonomously promote happy workplace activities suitable for each organization. Joyful Members (JMs) and Joyful Creators (JCs) share various ideas through regular meetings and apply them in their respective organizations to create an enjoyable and lively organizational atmosphere. In 2021, some of the JM/JC activities were restricted due to COVID-19, but we have been doing our best to support morale by conducting various contact-free activities such as an online real-time kick-off event.
Also, in 2021, a new in-house management contest titled “The Masked Entertainer” was created to provide a platform for members to express their talents and foster understanding between generations. By creating a lively and enjoyable atmosphere through such in-house contests, we have created a workplace in which the employees can more easily immerse themselves, improving the organizational atmosphere, and promoting intergenerational exchanges.
The Happy Workplace Operating System “You Dream, We Display” Vision. 
Applicable Areas. 
Happy Workplace Activities Vision A workplace where employees like to work and want to work. 
Joyful Energy. 
Creating an Energetic Organizational Atmosphere ･ Select managers for the happy workplace system in each organization - Joyful Members (office workers) - Joyful Creators (technicians) ･ Operate happy workplace program based on employee participation. 
Wellness. 
Increasing work efficiency through mental and physical stability ･ Psychological counseling rooms for each business site ･ Communication camps for each organizational unit ･ Mungyeong Healing Center ･ Massage rooms at each business site. 
Family-friendly. 
Providing life-cycle-based care for employees and their families ･ Life cycle customized support programs ･ Maternity protection programs. 
Goals and Major Programs. 
Basic Values. 
Creativity and Autonomy. 
LG Way’s Respect for Humanity Management. 
Human-centered. 
Masked Entertainer Clip


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 52 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display, the Best Workplace. 
LG Display has been certified for excellence in family-friendly organizational culture through external awards. In the “Best Workplace” research study conducted by Aon Hewitt, the world’s largest HR organization consulting firm, we won the “Best Workplace in Korea” award in 2017.
In addition, we received the Grand Prize for Family-friendly Management at the Global Standard Management Awards hosted by the Korea Management Registrar (KMR) for six consecutive years since 2015, and were elected into the Hall of Fame in this field. In particular, the family-friendly certification organized by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family was renewed in 2020 and will be maintained until 2023. In the future, we will continue to do our best to establish a happy workplace culture and pursue management that is centered on human respect.
Wellness Program. 
LG Display provides various programs to improve the physical, mental and social health of all our employees with the goal of improving work efficiency naturally by promoting the mental and physical stability of our employees. In 2021, we built and introduced the Mungyeong Healing Center in the metaverse and made it possible for employees to experience it indirectly. In addition, in consideration of the difficulty of face-to-face activities due to COVID-19, we developed and provided the “Untact Mungyeong Healing Center” program.
In addition, we provided “Untact MBTI Group Counseling,” a communication promotion program within the organization, in order to help employees communicate better based on their understanding of each other’s personalities. Also, we provided a Self-Check Tool for COVID-19 care and “personal and family video counseling” using our video call system to help employees maintain a healthy life even in difficult situations due to COVID-19.
Family-friendly Program. 
In order to support the “life of employees and their families,” LG Display offers a “life-cycle-based support program” based on an employee’s life at the company divided into five different periods. Lifestyle resources are provided for singles as well as couples to be married, and pregnancy gifts and electromagnetic wave-shielding aprons are provided during the pregnancy and childbirth period. During the child-rearing period, we not only run Children's Day events (gifts) for employees' children but also conduct events for employees to enjoy with their children through online videos. During the education period of elementary, middle, and high school-aged children of our employees, we provide gifts for school admission and for students taking university entrance exams. Lastly, during the period in which employees are preparing for retirement and their children are no long dependent on them, we provide a retirement preparation program to support a smooth transition to retirement for our employees, who dedicated themselves to LG Display.
LG Display provides various programs and systems from pregnancy and childbirth to child-rearing so that employees are able to focus on their work while raising their children in a stable environment. We protect the maternity of our employees through various means, such as the pregnancy registration system that actively supports pregnant employees, maternity leave and incentives that can be used before and after childbirth, both maternity and paternity leave, as well as nursing rooms and childcare facilities at each business site.
Monitoring and Improving a Happy Workplace Culture. 
The Happy Workplace Team of LG Display conducts a company-wide satisfaction survey on the Happy Workplace activity for employees and organizations every year. The satisfaction level has been increasing every year since 2019 through continuously modifying and adding to the program. The program satisfaction in 2021 was 3.73 points, exceeding the goal.
Also, for major programs, we are conducting periodic monitoring activities to improve program satisfaction by listening to various opinions through the in-house advisory group. As an annual ERRC (Eliminate, Reduce, Raise, Create) activity, we are carrying out a “program in/out” system and are developing activities to solve problems and situations identified through various channels.
ㅣ Unit: points / 5-point scale Result of Satisfaction Survey 3.45 2019 2021 (Performance) 3.73 2021(Goal) 3.68 2020 3.63


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 53 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Human Rights Management. 
Human Rights Management. 
LG Display complies with the standards and laws of international organizations and organizations related to human rights and labor, such as the UN Declaration of Human Rights, the ILO* Convention, and the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. We have authorized a human rights guideline that focuses on the working environment of employees, guaranteeing legal freedom, respecting human dignity, and practicing the same with our business partners, based on the management philosophy of respect for humanity and the spirit of Jeong-Do Management. In 2021, we assessed domestic and overseas production subsidiaries and suppliers by the RBA** and customers' requirements and took appropriate measures, such as process supplementation, for the two identified risks.
In addition, in 2021, a total of 26,584 employees completed training we conducted to improve awareness of the disabled and prevent sexual harassment in the workplace to prevent violations of human rights for workers. In the future, we plan to promote more active human rights management by upgrading our human rights management system. We will conduct a human rights risk assessment for all business sites and business partners to distinguish human rights risks that may arise from business activities and systematically handle the identified risks. Also, we will manage potential risks through regular monitoring every year and report any findings to the ESG Committee to respond proactively. In addition, we will internalize a culture of respect for human rights by providing human rights education for all employees and enhancing human rights protection by establishing a remedy procedure for human rights violations.
* ILO: International Labor Organization ** Responsible Business Alliance (RBA): Industry assessment established for the sustainability and social responsibility within the global supply chain, consistent and effective standards for labor, ethics, health, safety and the environment, based on codes of conduct, laws and regulations. 
LG Display Human Rights Guidelines. 
LG Display Human Rights Impact Management System 01 Human Rights Risk Identification and Due Diligence ･ Employees - Management of working hours - Occupational health and safety management - Handling of grievances at work ･ Business Partners - Human rights risk management based on labor-related laws 02 Human Rights Management Activities ･ Human rights risk mitigation and remedy plan establishment 03 Monitoring ･ Implementation of mitigation action plans ･ IRegular review of potential issues 04 Report ･ Reporting of risk assessment results ･ Review of evaluation indicators. 
We comply with the working hours set by the labor relations laws of each country and region. If there is no relevant law, we manage the weekly working hours to not exceed 60 hours via RBA regulations.
Compliance with Working Hours. 
We respect all executives and employees as human beings, and actively endeavor to prevent harassment and inhumane treatment such as sexual harassment, general harassment, and labor exploitation.
Respect for Human Rights. 
We pay wages for regular and overtime hours that exceed the minimum set by national and regional labor laws and regulations. We provide pay stubs and do not reduce wages as a disciplinary action.
Wages and Benefits. 
We do not force employees to work against their free will by improperly restraining their physical or mental freedom. All work must be done voluntarily, and we do not withhold employee ID cards or related documents, and guarantee freedom of movement.
Prohibition of Forced Labor. 
We provide opportunities for communication among employees, guarantee freedom of association and 3 labor rights (the right to organize, collective bargaining, collective action), and prohibit disadvantageous treatment. We also respect the rights of workers to participate or not participate in these activities..
Freedom of Association. 
We do not discriminate against employees based on gender, race, nationality, ethnicity, disability, religion, union activity, pregnancy and marital status, or disease infection.
Non-Discrimination. 
Employment of minors under the age of 15 is prohibited, and personnel under the age of 18 are excluded from jobs with high health and safety risks. If child labor (under 15 years of age) is discovered, we will take immediate actions according to the prescribed procedures..
Prohibition of Child* Labor. 
We regularly check/improve compliance with laborrelated laws as well as ILO and RBA requirements in each country and region, and operate an online grievance committee to deal with employee grievances at all times.
Compliance with Labor Laws * 'Child’ refers to those under the age of 15 (or the age subject to national legal restrictions), or the age to complete compulsory education, or the minimum age for employment in each country, whichever is greater.
Material Issue 10


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 54 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Diversity and Inclusion. 
LG Display established “Nanumnuri,” a subsidiary-type standard workplace for the disabled in 2012, to create quality jobs for the disabled. In addition, we are making efforts to expand diversity and inclusion in our workplaces by employing workers with disabilities. In the future, LG Display will continue to expand the business areas of Nanumnuri to promote employment of the disabled, while working hard to create a happy workplace where people with and without disabilities can work together and share the rewards.
Practicing Diversity and Inclusion Through Nanumnuri. 
LG Display established “Nanumnuri” in 2012 to fulfill its corporate social responsibility by providing quality jobs for the disabled. Nanumnuri is our subsidiary-type standard workplace with the meaning of “sharing the world with the disabled,” and we strive to create a happy workplace where people with and without disabilities can work together and share the rewards.
LG Display is supporting people with disabilities to communicate with the society and feel a sense of accomplishment by socializing with customers and co-workers, going beyond the stage of promoting economic independence in the workplace. Various people with physical, intellectual, visual, and hearing disabilities employed by Nanumnuri are working as baristas, health keepers, car washers, and street cleaners at LG Display's Paju and Gumi worksites. In particular, we are expanding quality jobs for the disabled by continuously discovering new jobs for them in places like fast food restaurants and convenience stores.
Nanumnuri Employment Status. 
Nanumnuri signed a business agreement with the Korea Employment Agency for Persons with Disabilities in 2011 to create job opportunities for the disabled and severely disabled through personalized training. In addition, we are holding unscheduled and on-the-road interviews to hire the severely disabled first to provide more job opportunities, and depending on the disability, the interviewers personally go to meet the interviewees wherever is most convenient for them in the spirit of inclusion.
Through these efforts, the number of employees with disabilities in Nanumnuri increased more than fivefold from 56 (40 severe, 16 mild) at the time of establishment to 290 (228 severe, 62 mild) as of December 2021. Specifically, 79% are severely disabled (male and female) and 31.4% are women with disabilities (severe, mild). We made efforts to provide stable jobs to workers who have been excluded from the job market because of their disabilities. In total, Nanumnuri created 1,200 jobs for the last 10 years for people with and without disabilities and hired more than 2,500 people.
Nanumnuri’s Employment Status ㅣ Unit : %, people 2019 2020 2021 75 78 79. 
Number of People with Mild Disabilities. 
Ratio of Severe Disability Number of People with Severely Disabilities 63 224 74 228 62 228. 
Nanumnuri Business Areas. 
Street Cleaning Vending Machine Maintenance. 
Steam Car Washing Welfare Facility Operation. 
Blind Masseur & Masseuse Café
Ratio of Employment of Severely Disabled Individuals 79 %


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 55 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Nanumnuri’s Working Environment and Performance. 
In recognition of its efforts to create employment for the disabled, Nanumnuri has received certifications and awards related to disabled employment from the government since 2013. In addition, Nanumnuri supports various systems for smooth job adjustment of workers with disabilities, such as providing job training appropriate to their aptitude for work, and providing individual mentoring for job supporters for the severely disabled and applicants who are slow learners.
Nanumnuri achieved a business performance of KRW 26 billion in 2021. By reinvesting a certain amount of the generated profits, it is working hard to improve the working environment for workers with disabilities. It introduced specialized cleaning equipment for employees with disabilities who belong to the street cleaning division, and introduced unmanned ordering kiosks for employees with disabilities working in cafés to reduce the workload during peak business hours.
In addition, Nanumnuri is working hard to create a safe workplace without obstacles by installing braille blocks, automatic doors, and guide rails. LG Display will continue to provide a safe and hasslefree working environment for workers with disabilities through Nanumnuri, and support the disabled in enjoying a happy life as a member of our society.
Nanumnuri Welfare Program. 
Nanumnuri also operates a disability care program for the welfare of employees with disabilities. In addition to programs such as health improvement, hobbies, and cultural experiences, we provide psychological counseling, food support, and residential improvement. In 2021, hobbies, leisure, and cultural experience programs were suspended due to COVID-19, but as part of the residential improvement project for the disabled, we selected those among our employees with disabilities who needed support and provided them with wallpaper, air conditioning, and hot water mats. In addition, Nanumnuri operates a medical expense support system as a welfare benefit for disabled employees who have a heavy burden of medical expenses, and through this, disabled workers can manage their health without financial burdens.
“The café atmosphere where disabled workers like me work is bright and lively, so there is no difficulty in adjusting to the new environment. There is no overtime or working on the weekends, and working five days a week allows me to balance work and life. It is nice to be able to use my personal leaves freely.”
Nuri Café Barista at Paju Manufacturing Base (female, 27 year old) “Nanumnuri provides regular health consultations for employees, which helps them manage their health. In addition, various gifts such as gift certificates, gym clothes, blood pressure monitors, and holiday gifts are provided, which is liked by employees. I joined Nanumnuri and I am happily working, and I want to work until I retire. I hope that people with the same disability as me can join Nanumnuri so we can work happily together.”
Cleaner at Paju Manufacturing Base (male, 46 years old)
Disability Care Program * Sports created by transforming or combining major sports so that all people, including the disabled, the elderly, and children, can easily and safely enjoy and participate in it. 
Medical Expenses / Sick Leave Support ･ Support for personal medical expenses (limit of 2 million won/year) ･ Support for sick leave (up to 3 months)
Cultural Experiences ･ Exploring cultural relics, visiting museums, making wine, watching plays and movies, etc.
Psychological Counseling ･ Counseling → psychotherapy → job adjustment → follow-up. 
Residential Improvement/ Kimchi and Rice Support ･ Summer/winter season air conditioning and boiler support (4 people each) ･ 5kg of kimchi and rice per person (50 persons each in Paju/ Gumi)
Hobbies, Leisure ･ Baking/rice cake making, crafts/pottery classes, etc.
Health Improvement ･ Yoga, stretching, pilates, badminton, physical education for the disabled (new sports*), etc. ･ Untact obesity program


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 56 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Labor Union System. 
LG Display uses the term “labor-management relationship” to emphasize a communication mechanism with a mutually horizontal and equal relationship between employees and management. Our labor union has four missions and various detailed promotion tasks for the purpose of securing internal soundness and creating shared external values.
As of December 2021, the number of employees who joined the labor union at LG Display's domestic business sites was 16,167, or 57.4% of the total. The average union membership of employees at the six overseas corporations is 97.7%. Lastly, through smooth dialogue and cooperation between labor and management, we have upheld a non-dispute agreement since 1995, establishing a labor-management relationship that sets a model for other companies.
Activities to Secure Internal Propriety. 
LG Display's domestic labor union has held an on-site meeting in 2021 to conduct on-site-oriented union activities and to address grievances by communicating closely with union members. In addition, in the midst of COVID-19, we expanded and deployed online communication activities by switching from faceto-face to contact-free in order to ensure safe communication for all. We plan to continuously develop this communication method to adapt to the changing times and the sentiments of our employees.
In order to prevent unethical practices, we conducted frequent communication activities during on-site meetings to address and correct improper practices such as workplace harassment, sexual harassment, verbal abuse and assault, as well as unreasonable behavior. The union also served as a window for identifying and correcting unethical practices. In particular, in regards to disciplinary actions regarding technicians, the union participates as part of a disciplinary committee to protect victims and make sure the accused accepts the verdict. Lastly, to reinforce the role of management partners, we are conducting communication activities with the CEO and other executives. In 2021, the union played a major on-site role in motivating better business performance.
LG Display is creating a labor-management relationship that enables mutual growth through information sharing and communication based on good faith with the labor union. To this end, the company has formed a labor-management council composed of equal numbers of employee representatives and management representatives (considering the COVID-19 situation, the importance of the council, etc., the number was adjusted to 3 to 10 people). Through the labormanagement council, we are discussing improvements in productivity, performance distribution, recruitment and placement of employees, and management policies and performance. LG Display conducts collective wage negotiations through the labor-management council in the first quarter of every year, and continues to discuss improvements from time to time to resolve employee “pain points” through quarterly meetings. The contents of the collective negotiations agreed upon at the labor-management council are applied to all employees (100%).
Labor-Management Council. 
LG Display believes that establishing a labor-management relationship through continuous cooperation and communication between the company and its employees is essential to improving corporate competitiveness. Based on trust and respect between the company and its members, we are building a sound and proper labor-management relationship that enables mutual growth, and we are striving to fulfill our social responsibilities.
Labor-Management Communication. 
Labor Union’s Mission and Objectives. 
Mission. 
Objective. 
Securing Internal Propriety. 
On-site-focused union activities. 
Prevent unethical practices. 
Strengthen the role of management partners ･ Raising the level of satisfaction and awareness of labor union activities ･ Improving communication with members ･ Enhancing the capacity of union executives ･ Improving major unhealthy practices ･ Reinforcing basic groundwork activities ･ Reinforcing on-site communication as a management partner ･ Motivating business performance. 
Creating External Shared Values. 
Diversify social contribution activities ･ Activities to create shared values with local communities ･ Global social contribution activities


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 57 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Improvement of Organizational Culture Led by the “Fresh Board,” a Consultative Body for Office Workers. 
LG Display's Fresh Board (FB) serves as a communication bridge between the management and office workers as a representative body for office workers. The FB is key in improving the office workers’ organizational culture. FB members are selected for each organization in charge, and consist of employees, senior officers, and superiors who are able to act as communication facilitators with passion and a sense of duty. As of the end of December 2021, a total of 125 people (36 from headquarters, 12 from Magok, 68 from Paju, and 9 from Gumi) are active as FB members.
The FB listens to the real voices and opinions of office workers and communicates with the management based on them. The FB of each organization plays the role of a promoter by delivering the company's policies to the members based on an understanding of the business situation, and tries to resolve members' grievances together with the company. In addition, office workers’ opinions related to the system and organizational culture are represented and delivered to the company.
Suggestions and improvement activities are carried out through continuous communication activities such as quarterly company-wide FB meetings and monthly meetings, and we are actively participating in corporate culture improvement and social contribution activities. In 2021, during the FB meetings, through communication between the management and the FB, we have successfully negotiated issues such as the newly established self-development leave and extending maternity leave.
Activities to Create External Shared Values. 
LG Display's domestic and overseas labor unions are leading a paradigm shift in the labor movement by improving the quality of life of their members through active union social responsibility (USR) activities. In 2021, the domestic labor union carried out the “USR Love House Project” to improve the residential environment of the underprivileged in Paju, and received positive evaluations from the local community.
The labor unions of overseas corporations also carry out various types of social contribution activities to maintain friendly relations with the local community and to enhance the company’s image. In 2021, the labor union of the Yantai corporation fulfilled its social responsibilities through quarterly community environmental improvement volunteer activities, support activities for the sale of crops for underprivileged farmers, visiting orphanages and delivering gifts, etc. The labor union of the Nanjing corporation provided various cultural experiences by holding events such as kimbap-making for students of a school for the blind, and provided refrigerators and bottled water to support medical staff suffering from the COVID-19 situation.
The Guangzhou cluster labor union planted trees in a park near the business site, visited vulnerable groups such as low-income households, the disabled, and the elderly to provide everyday necessities and carry out house remodeling activities. The labor union of the Vietnam corporation raised funds through fundraising activities to help local residents severely affected by typhoons and heavy rainfall. At the end of the year, they delivered everyday necessities and subsidies to the vulnerable in the area near the business site. LG Display's domestic and overseas labor unions will continue to strive to improve the image of the company and the unions through various social responsibility activities.
Promotion of Labor-Management Communication and Grievance Handling. 
LG Display uses various communication channels to listen to the opinions of its employees. In addition to the labor-management council held every quarter, the company's management status and major improvement tasks are shared through various meetings such as workshops for staff, monthly meetings, etc.
In addition, by establishing a grievance handling system for all employees, we strive to resolve employee grievances such as workplace harassment, sexual harassment, verbal abuse and assault, and unreasonable behavior. The grievance handling system is operated anonymously, and the grievance handling committee thoroughly protects the identity of the complainant to prevent further damage such as retaliation for reporting.
[Yantai] Volunteer work for environmental improvement [Nanjing] Support for COVID-19 medical staff [Guangzhou] Arbor Day event [Vietnam] Support for flood-damaged areas. 
Promoter. 
Grievance Handler Advocate


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 58 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
LG Display believes that it is essential for a company's sustainable activities to safely protect a variety of information, including business activity-related information, customer-related information, and employee-related information. We are making systematic efforts to protect the information of the company and internal and external stakeholders by designating a chief information security officer and operating an organization dedicated to information security. LG Display will continue to do its best to prevent information-related breaches through activities to raise employee awareness as well as regular security status monitoring and inspections.
Information Security and Personal Information Protection. 
Information Security Management System. 
LG Display strives to protect not only our trade secrets, but also the information of various stakeholders such as national core technologies and customer information. We are prepared for cyber-intrusion attacks through real-time security control 365 days a year, and at the same time, we are sparing no effort to strengthen security, such as regularly checking and taking measures for security vulnerabilities across the company's IT systems.
In the event of a security breach, we analyze the damage status and impact and respond urgently through the security accident response team consisting of the department in charge of information security as well as the department of information system implementation and operation. In addition, we are conducting security accident response training at least semi-annually to ensure a smooth response to security accidents.
ISO/IEC 27001 Certification. 
Information Security Policy. 
LG Display conducts security activities in accordance with the “Information Security Management Policy.” Information security standards and guidelines are established and operated to protect important information assets in the company's management technology, and we ensure that all personnel related to the company's business, including employees, business partners, and visitors thoroughly comply with the information security policy.
Information Security Governance. 
In order to protect various information of the company and its stakeholders, LG Display has designated the chief information security officer as the person in charge of information security and is operating an organization dedicated to information security. The company-wide security council, which is attended by security representatives from the business sector and related sectors, is held semi-annually to listen to the opinions from the worksites, which are applied to security policy activities. In addition, an organization dedicated to information security has been formed in our overseas corporations to establish and operate a security management system optimized for the corporate environment.
LG Display recognizes information security as an essential element of corporate management, and implements it according to the following principles to maintain business continuity and build internal and external trust.
･ All personnel handling company information are responsible for complying with security policies and standards and actively protecting information. ･ The establishment of a proper security culture through security education, inspection and communication is promoted. ･ Adequate investments in security and reasonable levels of control are maintained. ･ Security requirements in accordance with laws and contracts are fulfilled. ･ Cooperating with partner companies and continuously improve the security system so that the entire supply chain maintains an equal level of security.
Information Security Management Policy. 
Information Security Certification. 
LG Display has established an information security management system by applying the international standard ISO/IEC 27001 (Information Security Management System) correspondingly, and its effectiveness is objectively verified through annual certification audits.
Violation of Information Security. 
LG Display, which has established and operated a systematic and professional information security system, has not experienced any information security violations or cyber security-related accidents for the past three years. In addition, no fines or negligence fee were paid due to security-related reasons, and there have been no customers whose data has been compromised due to cyber-infringements such as hacking. LG Display will make every effort to prevent information security accidents from occurring in the future.
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)
Security Operations Team Security Strategy Team Security Diagnosis Team


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 59 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Reinforcing Employee Security Capabilities and Raising Awareness. 
LG Display regularly conducts security training and publicity activities to raise employees' security awareness and encourage voluntary compliance with security regulations. Every year, we conduct security training (e-Learning) for all executives and employees, and carry out promotional activities such as producing/distributing security notices (Monthly Security Notice, Empathy Plus) and promotional security videos (uploaded to LGD’s official YouTube channel). In addition, we have designated the second Wednesday of July every year as “LGD Information Security Day” to form a consensus on security awareness across the company and establish a proper security culture. We also conduct various awareness-raising activities such as phishing email simulation training.
Support for Suppliers to Strengthen Their Security Capabilities. 
LG Display has been holding a mutual growth workshop once a year since 2014 for those in charge of security work in our partner companies to improve the security management level of our partners and strengthen their capabilities. In 2021, because of the COVID-19 situation, an online seminar was held for the security team leaders/persons of 82 partner companies. In addition, we are making efforts to prevent information leakage concerning our partners, such as providing security guides necessary for collaboration with our core partners so that each partner can independently protect their core information.
Number of employees who completed personal information protection training (domestic) 26,835 (99.99%)
Protection of Personal Information. 
Privacy Policy. 
LG Display's personal information protection management system applies to all domestic and foreign corporations, joint ventures, and personal information processing consignees and sub-consignees. LG Display's personal information protection is included in the company-wide compliance management area, and it is one of the major risk areas of the annual compliance check and compliance education to diagnose and prevent risks.
In order to protect the personal information of stakeholders including our employees and customers, LG Display designated a person in charge of personal information protection for each organization and enacted a “Personal Information Handling Policy” based on the Personal Information Protection Act with which employees and workers must strictly comply. In addition, we are distributing the “Personal Information Protection Guide” and conducting regular training so that all employees can recognize the importance of personal information protection and apply it to their work.
Personal Information Protection Management and Accident Prevention. 
When personal information is required for business purposes, LG Display obtains consent from the information subjects about the purpose of information collection and use, items to be collected, retention and use period, etc. To prevent the abuse or leakage of collected personal information, we conduct regular internal audits at least once a year in compliance with the personal information protection management plan, and operate an incident response system to promptly recognize and respond to unexpected personal information leakage incidents.
In addition, we are conducting information protection education once a year so that employees can recognize the importance of personal information protection management. In 2021, 26,835 employees completed the personal information protection training. This is a completion rate of 99.9%. Through this training, we are proactively preventing personal information breach accidents. In 2021, there were no requests for improvement or complaints related to personal information protection received from regulatory agencies or data subjects. In the future, LG Display will continue to strengthen its personal information protection system to safely protect the personal information of its employees, customers and stakeholders.
Blind dating tips from the security office. 
Privacy Policy


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 60 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Corporate Social Responsibility. 
As a trusted global company, LG Display is carrying out various Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities to pursue mutual growth with the local community. We conduct various CSR activities in the fields of education/technology, health care, environment/safety represented mainly by the IT power plant as well as the Eye Health program, which is based on the characteristics of our business. We also run programs for employee participation. In the future, we will continue to strive to maximize social value creation by carrying out more systematic and active CSR activities under our CSR mission of “showing a better future for the next generation.”
Corporate Social Responsibility System. 
LG Display is carrying out CSR activities based on the mission of “showing a better future for the next generation” and the following three SDGs*: 4. Quality education, 11. Sustainable cities and communities, and 13. Climate change response. All employees are actively participating in resolving social problems, such as volunteer activities for the education and welfare of vulnerable children and youth, protecting the local community and environment, and operating CSR programs that utilize LG Display’s unique strengths.
Based on this social contribution direction, LG Display operates company-wide and regional social contribution steering committees to promote transparent and efficient CSR activities to review annual social contribution plans, directions, as well as budgets, and regularly reviews regional business plans and results.
In addition, to strengthen the external transparency of the company's donation activities, the donation review committee was newly established in 2018 and has been in operation ever since. The Donation Review Committee evaluates the appropriateness and plans for donations of KRW 10 million or more.
* SDGs: Sustainable Development Goals “You Dream, We Display” Vision. 
Activity Areas. 
Mission Showing a better future for the next generation. 
Education/ Technology. 
Dreaming (of the future) Dreaming. 
Health Care. 
Taking care of (health) Caring. 
Environment/ Safety. 
Watching (the environment) Watching. 
Employee Participation. 
Look (at each other) face to face Gazing. 
Values Sincerity Persistence. 
CSR Activities in the Field of Education/Technology. 
IT Power Plant: Resolving the information gap by supporting IT power plants for childcare facilities. 
The IT power plant is LG Display's major social contribution activity as an IT education environment support project to bridge the information gap for underprivileged children. In 2021, we implemented a project to enhance the functions of five existing facilities in Korea, and established a new IT power plant in Haiphong, where our Vietnamese corporation is located. As of 2012, we have opened 58 facilities and are continuously reinforcing our facilities. We will continue to develop the IT power plant business in consideration of business characteristics.
LGD Hope Wings Club: Tuition support for gifted youth from low-income families through the executive/manager scholarship association. 
Since 2011, through the “Wings of Hope Talent Development Program” sponsored by company-wide executives and managers, we have been supporting the dreams of gifted youths suffering from financial difficulties in the arts, sports, science and engineering fields. In 2021, we supported the dreams of 18 people with World Vision. Since 2011, 181 young people have entered high schools and universities in each field and achieved excellent results in various domestic and international competitions.
Dream Fulfillment Project: Providing opportunities for dream fulfillment and growth for the underprivileged through customized dream support. 
The Dream Achievement Project supports the dream fulfillment and growth of the underprivileged through personalized dream support regardless of age or gender. The Dream Achievement Project, first started in 2021, supported the dreams of a total of 3 people, a marathon runner in a wheelchair, a young flutist, and a late bloomer student. LG Display will continue to support them for the next five years to support the dreams of the underprivileged.
Dream Fulfillment Project


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 61 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Employee Participation Activities - Domestic. 
LGDream Fund and Electronic Donation Box. 
LG Display encourages employees to voluntarily participate in donations through the online donation platform LGDream Fund and electronic donation boxes installed at each business site. In 2021, over 5,000 employees donated approximately KRW 300 million to help underprivileged children and neighbors in need at home and abroad.
Value Consumption Campaign. 
To help farmers suffering from COVID-19, we launched a value consumption campaign to encourage employees to purchase local agricultural products. Together with the company, about 5,000 employees purchased agricultural products worth around 400 million won. What the company purchased was delivered to 4,500 underprivileged people in the local community.
“Miracle of Christmas,” a Donation Campaign for Children from Low-income Families “Miracle of Christmas” is a donation campaign in which employees become Santa for children from lowincome families. Through the participation of LG Display executives and employees, in 2021, approximately 1,000 children received their desired Christmas presents.
ESG-linked Employee Participation Activities. 
We are operating various participation-type ESG campaigns so that our employees can participate in environmental protection in their daily lives. We want to raise employees’ awareness of ESG by encouraging them to participate through social contribution activities such as the installation of in-house smart separate waste boxes, the operation of the carbon-reducing meal campaign “Angel Menu,” and the Green Campaign for children's climate education.
Social Contribution Subscription Campaign. 
In 2021, we launched a social contribution subscription campaign to support “startup social enterprises” that support the independence of the socially disadvantaged, such as single mothers, the disabled, and children from underprivileged families. Through a social contribution subscription campaign that combines subscriptions and crowdfunding, employees can contribute to solving social problems by consuming social enterprise products, and social enterprises can secure potential customers and lay the foundation for sustainable growth.
Dementia Safe Village Environment. 
In order to create a healthy living environment for dementia patients in the regions of Paju and Gumi, LG Display provided care products and nutritious meals to families with dementia. In addition, we are contributing to the creation of a dementia-friendly environment by improving the environment of the dementia-safe village in Paju and reinforcing safety facilities.
Eye health protection activities: Spreading the importance of eye health through eye health projects. 
From 2020, in consideration of the increasing prevalence of myopia among children and adolescents due to the early use of IT devices, we conducted an eye health promotion program centered on preschool and early elementary school age children. To educate children on the importance of eye health, we are continuously running the eye health musical “Chorong Chorong Eye Health Class” for children in culturally underprivileged areas and spreading the importance of eye health by conducting eye examinations for children in medically vulnerable regions while adhering to COVID-19 regulations.
CSR Activities in the Field of Health Care. 
Miracle of Christmas Electronic Donation Box Social Contribution Subscription Campaign. 
Creation of a Safe Area in Cooperation With Local Government Offices. 
In cooperation with the police, solar lights were installed in the village shelters and improved nighttime visibility, thereby enhancing the sense of safety for local residents and contributing to the prevention of crime. In addition, we contributed to the establishment of a safe Gumi city by supplying residential firefighting systems in rural villages located far away from fire stations and improving the working environment of firefighters.
CSR Activities in the Field of Environment/Safety. 
Activities to Improve the Forest Environment Near the Paju Plant. 
We are contributing to the development of the local environment by reducing negative environmental impacts and revitalizing polluted areas by supporting the vegetation work of Mt. Wollong, located near the Paju plant.
Creation of DMZ Bird Cherry Tree Ecological Forest. 
On World Environment Day in June, LG Display employees worked hard to restore the ecological forest in the DMZ by Sunaecheon Stream by planting 600 cherry tree saplings incubated at home by employees or in the company building.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 62 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Employee Participation Activities - Overseas. 
The Environmental Protection Campaign Conducted by the Guangzhou Bases. 
The three Guangzhou branch corporations jointly carried out the “environmental protection campaign.” Environmental protection was practiced by starting the campaign with picking up trash at Science City Sports Park and Oksu Park in Hwangpo-gu, followed by various activities such as ecofriendly quizzes and mini games.
Community Volunteer Activities Conducted by the Guangzhou Bases for Neighbors Who Need Help. 
For the Mid-Autumn Festival, volunteers in Guangzhou provided consolation services to neighbors in need, including the elderly living alone. The volunteers delivered milk and honey as gifts.
Nanjing Base Delivers Comfort Items to Street Cleaners. 
Volunteers at the Nanjing Corporation delivered comfort items made up of thermal insulation products and household health products to street cleaners working in the Nanjing Regional Development Zone on Lunar New Year.
Yantai Base Conducts “Fruit of Love” Donation Activity. 
Yantai Corporation has established a long-term partnership with the Yantai Special Education School and is continuing its responsibility as a social enterprise through the “Fruit of Love” event every winter. In 2021, it donated 810 kg of apples to children at the Yantai Special Education School.
Vietnam Base Cleans Martyrs’ Park. 
The Vietnam Corporation is carrying out various social contribution activities to develop the spirit of community and coexistence with the local community by cleaning the An Hung Public Cemetery located in Anduong District, Haiphong City.
Provision of Supplies to Selected Medical Centers to Overcome the Heat Wave. 
In an effort to respond to COVID-19 amid the heatwave, we urgently provided supplies to overcome the heat wave for the dedicated medical staff at screening clinics. Mobile air conditioners, large fans, shade screens and freezers for storing ice towels, etc. were installed at 5 screening clinics near the Paju and Gumi plants, and 20,000 bottles of ionized beverages and mineral water were also provided. In addition, by installing a screen for shade in the waiting area for local residents waiting for to be tested, we supported both healthcare workers and patients to overcome COVID-19 during the heat wave.
Sponsorship of Daily Necessities for the Underprivileged to Overcome COVID-19. 
We provided daily items tailored to age and gender for the underprivileged in Paju, where life has become difficult due to COVID-19. With kits made up of hygiene products and daily necessities, a warm impression of our company was delivered to the underprivileged who are undergoing difficulties.
Purchase of Agricultural Products in Paju and Support for the Underprivileged. 
We contributed to revitalizing the local economy by purchasing Paju’s specialty products, such as pears, soybeans, and new rice, and supported farm families and the underprivileged affected by COVID-19 by purchasing necessities for them.
Support for Overcoming COVID-19


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 63 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Social Data. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Proportion of sales including conflict minerals % - - -
Proportion of sales of products from suppliers verified as conflict-free in areas where conflict minerals are generated % 100 100 100. 
Conflict Minerals. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Korea % 74 66 63. 
China % 56 54 58. 
Vietnam % 68 41 30. 
Poland % 100 - -
Proportion of Spending by Local Partners at Manufacturing Bases * Poland withdrew its business in 2019. 
Health and Safety. 
Category Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Accident rate ((Number of Accidents / Number of Workers) X 100 ) 0.029 0.035 0.024 0.016. 
Work Loss Accident Rate LTIFR Executives & Employees #/1M Working Hours 0.138 0.187 0.098 0.119. 
Partners #/1M Working Hours 0.393 0.336 0.310 0.602. 
Number of Occupational Fatalities Executives & Employees People 0 0 0 0. 
Partners People 1 0 0 2. 
Accident Rate * LTIFR(Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate): The ratio of the number of work loss cases to 1 million working hours ** Existing data has been recalculated and revised based on the difference in government approval time for industrial accident personnel. 
Supply Chain Management. 
Category Unit 2021. 
Number of Suppliers Tier 1 Supplier Units 575. 
Key Tier 1 Supplier Units 84. 
Key Secondary and Above Suppliers Units -
Proportion out of total purchase cost Tier 1 Supplier % 100. 
Key Tier 1 Supplier % 36.1. 
Suppliers Status by Type * Based on the 2021 Suppliers ESG Assessment (see pp. 40-41)
Category Unit 2021. 
Number of Risk-assessed Suppliers Tier 1 Supplier Units 84. 
Key Secondary and Above Suppliers Units -
Percentage of Risk-assessed Suppliers Tier 1 Supplier % 14.6. 
Key Secondary and Above Suppliers % -
Number of High-risk Suppliers Tier 1 Supplier Units 20. 
Key Secondary and Above Suppliers Units -
Percentage of High-risk Suppliers Tier 1 Supplier % 3.5. 
Key Secondary and Above Suppliers % -
Supplier Sustainability Risk Assessment * Based on the 2021 Suppliers ESG Assessment (see pp. 40-41)
Category Unit 2021. 
Key Suppliers (1st + 2nd and above) Annual Implementation Rate % 27.4. 
Ratio of implementation within at least 3 years % -
Total % 27.4. 
High-risk Suppliers Annual Evaluation Rate % 70. 
Conducted at least every 3 years % -
Total % 70. 
Cycle of On-site Inspection of Suppliers * Based on the 2021 Suppliers ESG Assessment (see pp. 40-41)
Improvement Plan for Suppliers. 
Category Unit 2021. 
Suppliers identified as high-risk that introduced a corrective action plan % 100. 
Suppliers who have improved their ESG performance within 12 months after introduction of corrective action plan % 100 * Based on the 2021 Suppliers ESG Assessment (see pp. 40-41)


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 64 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Human Resources Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Male People 23,080 22,472 23,812. 
Female People 4,330 4,064 4,376. 
Sub Total People 27,410 26,536 28,188. 
Overseas Male People 19,994 21,605 25,770. 
Female People 13,025 15,219 16,749. 
Sub Total People 33,019 36,824 42,519. 
Total People 60,429 63,360 70,707. 
Employee Status. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
CEO Remuneration KRW 1,541,000,000 1,317,000,000 1,340,000,000. 
Employee Remuneration. 
Excluding the CEO (or equivalent) Average KRW 68,000,000 70,000,000 78,000,000. 
CEO compensation ratio compared to the average annual salary of all employees excluding the CEO. 
Average Times 22.66 18.81 17.18. 
By Rank Executive level (Base salary) Male KRW 308,741,000 304,871,739 310,341,000. 
Female KRW 270,000,000 270,000,000 320,500,000. 
Executive level (Base salary + other cash incentives such as bonuses) Male KRW 364,420,222 349,985,275 363,029,000. 
Female KRW 305,000,000 310,004,000 380,506,000. 
Manager level (Base salary) Male KRW 77,714,930 78,331,208 83,522,124. 
Female KRW 76,210,316 74,428,837 78,384,697. 
Manager level (Base salary + other cash incentives such as bonuses) Male KRW 84,358,898 84,842,513 90,609,077. 
Female KRW 83,184,433 81,167,697 85,734,112. 
Non-manager level Male KRW 53,352,228 53,818,459 56,952,711. 
Female KRW 46,864,449 44,926,123 50,511,144. 
Employee Remuneration * LG Display is based on the principle of equal pay for equal work, and there is no wage gap between men and women according to the policy. The wage gap between men and women results from differences in the proportion of employees by service period.
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Male Ratio % 71.3 69.6 70.1. 
Female Ratio % 28.7 30.4 29.9. 
Manager level female employees % 11.0 10.9. 
Junior Manager level female employees % 14.5 14.5. 
Executive-manager level female employees % 7.1 6.3. 
Female Managers in sales generating departments % 9.4 9.3. 
STEM*-related female employees % 26.5 29.1. 
Korea % of total employees % 42.6 40.7 % of total manager positions % - 52.1 53.9. 
China % of total employees % 35.7 34.2 % of total manager positions % 31.5 29.4. 
Vietnam % of total employees % 21.3 24.8 % of total manager positions % 15.5 15.7. 
Others % of total employees % - 0.4 0.3 % of total manager positions % - 0.9 1.0. 
Disabled Individuals % 2.6 2.7 2.6. 
Subjects of Veteran Care % 1.1 1.1 1.0. 
Under 30 % 48.8 49.4 31~50 % 46.3 46.0. 
Over 50 % 1.3 1.5. 
Other** % 3.6 3.0. 
Employee Diversity * Science, Technology, Engineering, Math ** Unable to verify due to deletion of personal information such as those who have left the company ※ New data collection from 2020 due to changes in data calculation standards. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Disabled Individuals (including Nanumnuri) Personnel People 727 713 723. 
Ratio % 2.6 2.7 2.6. 
Subjects of Veteran Care Personnel People 299 284 282. 
Ratio % 1.1 1.1 1.0. 
Employees – Vulnerable Groups. 
Category Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Internal Recruitment Rate* % 29.1 42.6 32.3 27.8. 
Internal Recruitment * Percentage of Open Positions Filled by Internal Candidates


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 65 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Category Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Office Workers Junior People 634 527 191 1,151. 
Senior People 93 107 75 398. 
Technicians Junior People -- - 941. 
Senior People -- - 85. 
Gender Male People 590 489 183 2,071. 
Female People 137 145 83 504. 
Age Under 30 People 561 449 167 2,201 30-50 People 89 88 75 358. 
Over 50 People 5 9 2 16. 
Other People 72 88 22 -
Employee Recruitment. 
Category Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Turnover % 11.7 13.3 2.6 3.1. 
Voluntary Turnover % 11.0 12.1 2.0 2.8. 
Employee Turnover. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Average Tenure Years 10.6 11.6 11.5. 
Average Tenure. 
Employee Training. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Total Number of Trainees People 26,978 27,752 29,233. 
Total Training Hours Hours 1,041,145 758,505 1,645,130. 
Annual average training hours per employee Hours 39 27 59. 
Average training expenditure per employee KRW 303,000 74,440 363,498 * Number of people with ‘completed’ history among total education history (including retirees and new hires)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Employees Subject to Regular Performance Evaluations and Career Development Assessments People 26,614 26,285 26,234. 
Proportion of Employees Subject to Regular Performance Evaluations and Career Development Assessments. 
Management of Objectives (MBO): Percentage of employees who are systematically using measurable goals discussed with their supervisors % 96.3 98.7 92.1. 
Percentage of employees conducting multi-faceted performance evaluation (360° feedback, etc.) % -8.6 36.6. 
Ranking through comparative analysis among employees within the same position % -97.0 89.7. 
Sub Total % 96.3 98.7 92.1. 
Regular Performance Evaluation. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Defined Benefit Plan (DB) People 27,241 26,628 26,222. 
Defined Contribution (DC) People 95 85 125. 
Number of People Enrolled in Pension Support. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Employees on Parental Leave People 887 799 985. 
Employees who returned to work after Parental Leave People 855 784 939. 
Rate of Returning Employees % 96.4 98.1 95.3. 
Employees who have worked for more than 1 year after returning from Parental Leave People 316 276 442. 
Parental Leave Users. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Data Range % 100 100 100. 
Positive Response Rate % 81.7 81.2 82.9. 
LG Way Survey(Employee Engagement Rate) * The data range is 100% of surveyed employees. 
Employee Training – by Position (2021)
Category Total Training Hours Number of People Training Hours per Person. 
Executives/Officers 14,277 176 81.1. 
Office Workers 987,742 11,680 84.6. 
Technicians 643,111 15,847 40.6. 
Total 1,645,130 27,703 59.4


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 66 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of Labor Union Members People 15,428 15,318 16,167. 
Number of Eligible Employees People 27,410 27,011 28,188. 
Membership Proportion % 56.3 56.7 57.4. 
Employees Subject to Labor Union and Collective Bargaining- Domestic. 
Labor-Management Communication. 
Category Unit CA CO GZ NJ YT VH. 
Number of Labor Union Members People 2,132 2,414 5,441 7,928 3,065 17,465. 
Number of Eligible Employees People 2,132 2,419 5,502 8,590 3,251 17,467. 
Membership Proportion % 100.0 99.8 98.9 92.3 94.3 100.0. 
Employees Subject to Labor Union and Collective Bargaining- Overseas (2021)
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Grievances related to social impact Cases 64 39 60. 
Grievances in process Cases - -17. 
Closed Grievances Cases 64 39 43. 
Number of Grievances and Handling. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Training Hours Group Training Sexual Harassment Prevention Education Hours - - -
Other Education Hours 182 12 123. 
E-learning Sexual Harassment Prevention Education Hours 28,963 25,789 26,584. 
Jeong-Do Management Course Hours 6,540 24 12,053. 
Number of Trainees Group Training Sexual Harassment Prevention Education People - - -
Other Education People 8 1 4. 
E-learning Sexual Harassment Prevention Education People 28,963 25,789 26,584. 
Jeong-Do Management Course People 10,900 - 28,093. 
Human Rights Education * Number of people who have ‘completed’ the relevant training (including retirees and new hires)
Human Rights Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Selfmanagement Activities. 
Evaluation of potential human rights issues (total percentage evaluated in the past 3 years) % 86.5 89.6 90.5. 
Percentage of identified risks among those evaluated % 100 34.6 24.1 % of mitigation/remedial action processes applied against risks identified % 100 100 100. 
Contractors and Tier 1 Suppliers (Tier 1)
Evaluation of potential human rights issues (total percentage evaluated in the past 3 years) % 100 100 100. 
Percentage of identified risks among those evaluated % 22.7 33.3 23.8 % of mitigation/remedial action processes applied against risks identified % 100 100 100. 
Human Rights Assessment and Commitment


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 67 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Human Resources Management Labor-Management Communication Social Data Supply Chain Management Health and Safety Human Rights Management Information Security and Personal Information Protection Corporate Social Responsibility. 
Information Security and Personal Information Protection. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of information security violations or cybersecurity incidents Cases --
Number of information security violations/accidents related to customer personal information Cases --
Number of customers impacted by the company's data breach People --
Total amount of fines or defaults paid for information security violations or cybersecurity incidents KRW --
Information Security/Cyber Security Violations. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of complaints received or substantiated by government regulators Cases --
Number of complaints received or substantiated by third party external organizations Cases --
Violation of Customer Information Protection. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Investment in CSR CSR Expenses 1m KRW 2,981 2,171 2,820. 
Participation in CSR Number of CSR Programs Volunteering Cases 1,505 272 190. 
Donations People 46 98 100. 
Number of Employees Participating In CSR (duplications included)
Volunteering People 10,173 1,374 1,560. 
Donations 1m KRW 49,605 46,488 50,263. 
LG Dream Fund Hours 246 244 313. 
Employee Volunteer Hours % 35,673 3,172 3,252. 
Expenditure by charitable activity type. 
Charitable Donation % 19.1 20.1 26.5. 
Community Investment % 55.9 15.6 62.9. 
Commercial Initiatives (public interest marketing, etc.) % 25.0 64.3 10.6. 
Total 100.0 100.0 100.0. 
CSR Input Cost Cash Donations 1m KRW 2,452 1,960 2.488. 
Volunteer Hours (weekends excluded) 1m KRW 1,153 98 105. 
In-kind Donations 1m KRW 4 20 49. 
Business Expenses (management expenses) 1m KRW 524 191 283. 
Performance. 
Corporate Social Responsibility


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 68 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
GOVERNANCE 5. 
SECTION. 
A company’s sustainable growth requires a transparent and sound governance structure and trust with stakeholders. LG Display is building a transparent governance structure based on Jeong-Do management and Compliance management. We will strengthen the expertise and diversity of the BOD and committees and do our best to protect the rights and interests of stakeholders.
Jeong-Do Management 69. 
Compliance Management 71. 
Board of Directors and Committees 72. 
Protection of Shareholder Rights 76. 
Risk Management and Crisis Management System 77. 
Governance Data 79


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 69 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Jeong-Do Management. 
LG Display is practicing fair management through LG's unique behavioral method that pursues fair competition by continuously cultivating competence based on ethical management. We are striving to secure transparency in corporate management by establishing the fair management organizational system, conducting related education and cultural expansion activities, and operating a whistleblower reporting system. In the future, we will continue to practice the spirit of “Jeong-Do Management” to protect the honor and pride of LG’s people while at the same time enhancing the essential competitiveness of the company.
Jeong-Do Management Organization. 
LG Display has established a fair management organizational system for company-wide practice of fair management. The Ethics Secretariat, the promotion organization, conducts fair management education and public relations activities to investigate and prevent corruption, which is identified through the receipt of reports or diagnoses. Management Diagnosis Teams 1 and 2 perform business process diagnosis and management consulting. In addition, by operating a separate Chinese diagnosis team, we are raising awareness of fair management and fostering a culture of fair management among our Chinese corporations. This team conducts investigations on corruption in China, performing diagnosis on the process, and providing local customized training.
LG Code of Ethics “All LG employees will observe and practice the Code of Ethics.”
In order to practice fair management, LG has established a code of ethics, which is the standard for correct behavior and value judgments that all employees must follow, and is shared with all employees and stakeholders. The LG Code of Ethics consists of the Code of Ethics, which is a declarative code of ethics, and the Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines, which provide specific principles of conduct. Based on this, we are operating relevant regulations and systems.
Jeong-Do Management. 
Fair management refers to LG's unique behavioral method that pursues fair competition by continuously cultivating competency based on ethical management. Fair management as a behavioral method for practicing our management philosophy consists of three behavioral principles: honesty, fair treatment, and fair competition based on competence. Through fair management, we can create value for our customers and practice management that respects human beings.
Jeong-Do Management. 
Fair Treatment Integrity Fair Competition. 
Work transparently according to principles and standards. Provide fair opportunities and treat fairly in business relationships Strengthen capabilities to compete fairly and wind. 
Principles of Behavior. 
Jeong-Do Management Organizational System. 
CEO. 
Management Diagnosis Manager. 
Management Diagnosis Team 1 Ethics Secretariat Management Diagnosis Team 2 Chinese Diagnosis Team. 
Chapter 1. 
Responsibilities and Obligations to Customers ･ Respect Customers ･ Create Value ･ Pravide Value. 
Chapter 2. 
Fair Competition ･ Pursuit of Free Competition ･ Compliance with Laws and Regulations. 
Chapter 3. 
Fair Transactions. 
Chapter 4. 
Basic Ethics of Employees ･ Basic Ethics ･ Accomplishment of Mission ･ Self-development ･ Fair Performance to Duties ･ Avoiding Conflicts of Interest with the Company. 
Chapter 5. 
Responsibilities to Employees. 
Chapter 6. 
Responsibilities to the Nation and Society ･ Rational Business Operation ･ Protectiong Shareholder Interests ･ Contributiong to Social Development ･ Environmental Protection ･ Equal Opportunity ･ Fair Transactions Process ･ Pursuit of Mutual Growth ･ Respect for Humanity ･ Fair Treatment ･ Promotiong Creativity


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 70 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Jeong-Do Management Training. 
LG Display is conducting fair management training appropriate to their duties and positions in order to cultivate and internalize the knowledge of fair management at the company-wide level. We provide customized training for new/experienced employees as well as for each department/position and training for managers, and provide various online/offline training for overseas local recruits to inspire the mindset of Jeong-Do management. In addition, online training* for all employees is conducted on a regular basis.
* Every other year in Korea, every year in China/Vietnam. 
Operation of Whistleblower Reporting System and Protection System. 
In order to prevent violations of the Code of Ethics in advance and to practice fair management to combat corruption, we are operating a reporting system including a cyber sinmungo (a type of traditional drum). In addition, we are also engaging in activities to resolve grievances concerning partners that may arise during transactions with LG Display. Regarding the informant and the contents of the report, a thorough protection system is in place to prevent any disadvantage to the informant. In the event of the informant being disadvantaged, the situation will be restored or adequate compensation will be made. In addition, through a reward system for reporting corruption, we compensate employees and external whistleblowers, which contributes to the actual eradication of misconduct and the vitalization of misconduct reporting. Spreading the Jeong-Do Management Culture. 
In order to enhance understanding of fair management and encourage employees to participate, we are carrying out promotional activities for fair management through various channels such as blogs and newsletters. In particular, since 2015, we have shared the value of fair management by distributing the fair management newsletter in the local language to the regions where LG Display's overseas business sites are located, while striving to improve the ethical awareness of local employees. In addition, we have developed our own fair management application so that employees can easily check the code of ethics anytime, anywhere and communicate with the department in charge of fair management.
Pledge to Practice Jeong-Do Management. 
All executives and employees are aware of the importance of fair management in performing their duties every year, and to comply with it, they write a pledge every year to practice fair management. The pledge contains the employees' commitment to comply with the company's code of ethics and practice fair management. In 2021, 27,796 employees signed the pledge to practice fair management. Partners that do business with LG Display are also reinforcing their will to participate in fair management by writing a pledge to practice fair management together with the business contract.
Web Portal for Jeong-Do Management. 
LG Display is operating the “Jeong-Do Management Portal” to support employees in making correct decisions from the perspective of fair management. Through the Jeong-Do Management Portal, employees check various contents such as fair management principles and systems, including the Code of Ethics, as well as the fair management newsletter. The portal makes self-reporting and reporting unethical behavior such as sexual harassment easier and provides convenient access to counseling related to fair management. LG Display will systematically and continuously develop all activities to prevent violations of fair management in advance and correct and improve incorrect business practices.
Actions Subject to Cyber Sinmungo Reporting 1 Receiving compensation from stakeholders 2 Unfair equity participation in partners 3 Lack of transparency in selecting partners 4 Illegal or unfair use of company assets 5 Manipulation of documents and data, false reporting 6 Violation of other codes of ethics. 
Jeong-Do Management Training Hours 41,660 hours. 
No. of People with Jeong-Do Management Training 63,974 People


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 71 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Compliance Management. 
LG Display is practicing compliance management to establish a foundation for survival and practice sustainable management in a rapidly changing business environment due to intensified corporate competition, diversified stakeholders, enforced regulations on fair trade and environmental protection, and intensifying requests for corporate ethical awareness and social responsibility. We will continue to strive to become a trusted company and maximize corporate value by fulfilling our responsibilities to various stakeholders by monitoring and inspecting the compliance risks and implementing education to establish a culture of compliance.
Compliance Risk Management System. 
Based on the compliance officer system under the Commercial Act, LG Display identifies all laws that must be complied with during management activities and identifies, analyzes, and evaluates risks that may arise in relation to business performance and organizational operation. When identifying, analyzing, and evaluating risks, we select key management areas closely related to the business and categorize risk behaviors that may occur in the course of business activities. We select categorized risks as major risks according to their probability of occurrence and impact, and conduct annual risk control activities (inspections, education, etc.) based on these.
Based on the risk identification, analysis, and evaluation results, we are planning and improving control measures to reduce the company's compliance risk. In addition, the compliance risk management system is continuously supplemented and improved by annually evaluating the effectiveness of the compliance control system and reporting the results to the BOD.
Compliance Risk Monitoring and Inspection. 
For effective compliance risk management, LG Display selects risks to be intensively inspected every year and conducts themed inspections. Regular compliance inspections are conducted not only in domestically but also in overseas business sites to secure uniformity in compliance risk management between the headquarters and overseas corporations, while reinforcing responses to global issues. In particular, in 2021, we inspected risks related to fair trade, such as collusion and violation of the subcontracting law, and conducted compliance inspections on all overseas corporates, carrying out improvement tasks according to the inspection results.
Establishment of a Compliance Management Culture. 
Compliance Training. 
LG Display conducts various compliance training activities for its employees so that compliance management can naturally take root in the corporate culture. In 2021, online compliance training was conducted for domestic office workers to raise employees' awareness of overall compliance, including trade secrets, anti-corruption, HR, and a safe environment. In addition, we provided in-depth training on subcontracting for employees who are involved in purchasing-related tasks to raise awareness of compliance risks that are specialized for their tasks. In 2022, we plan to provide online compliance training by expanding the training target to employees of all overseas business sites.
Building a Compliance Portal. 
In 2021, LG Display built a compliance portal to advance various compliance-related activities, such as inspection, education, and publicity, and to improve efficiency in a continuously segmented and complex work environment. Through this, we are conducting unified and automated compliance activities such as establishing a standardized digital compliance inspection process and operating a law and policy monitoring system.
Risk Management. 
Fair Trade HR & Labor. 
Safety Environment. 
Information Protection Company General Affairs. 
Finance. 
Intellectual Property Rights Product Quality. 
Strategic Investment Trade. 
Anti-Corruption/Bribery


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 72 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Board of Directors and Committees. 
LG Display is building a transparent and sound decision-making system with a board of directors equipped with independence, expertise and diversity. We are striving to create sustainable value and promote the rights and interests of all stakeholders by operating a total of five committees within the BOD in a transparent and efficient manner, with the board of directors as our highest decision-making body.
Board of Directors Composition. 
LG Display’s board of directors (BOD) has the authority to manage, determine and control the company's policies in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation. A total of 7 board members, consisting of 2 internal directors, 1 other non-executive director, and 4 outside directors, perform management decision-making and management supervision functions. However, there is no outside director who has been in office for longer than 6 years in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. In addition, in order to efficiently establish and operate the internal accounting management system, the internal accounting manager CFO was designated to participate in the BOD as an internal director, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the internal accounting management system and transparency of the governance structure. Also, in consideration of changes in the business environment, the CEO concurrently serves as the chairman of the board of directors to enhance business expertise.
Activities of the Board of Directors. 
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations and internal company regulations, the BOD supervises the execution of duties by directors and management on major issues. The BOD regulations and committee regulations are disclosed to enhance the transparency of the BOD. The company's management, including the CEO, reports to the BOD at least once a quarter* on major management issues, such as business performance, prospects, and tasks, and holds BOD meetings whenever needed when major matters that require resolution by the BOD occur.
For the Articles of Incorporation, the BOD regulations, and committee regulations, at least 12 hours' notice must be given before convening and the directors and members shall be notified on the agenda, date, and place at the time of the convening notice. However, in practice, the notice is given three to seven days in advance so that directors and members can fully consider the agenda. The company operates in such a way that all directors and members participate in the board of directors and committees, and in 2021, the attendance rate for the BOD was 100% for outside directors and 100% for internal directors. Also, for the smooth performance of the directors' work and responsible management, we are subscribed to the director's executive liability insurance.
* Article 30 of the Articles of Incorporation, Article 6 of the Board of Directors Regulations * New Director since 2022 ** The appointment date of Jungsuk Oh is based on the court's decision to appoint a temporary outside director, and his term of office is until the scheduled date of the next year's general meeting of shareholders. 
Category Name Gender Date of Birth Term in Office Major Experience Specialty. 
Internal Director (chairman)
Hoyoung Jeong Male 1961.11 2020.03 - 2023.03 ･ Current) LG Display CEO ･ LG Chem COO and CFO ･ LG H&H CFO ･ LG Display CFO ･ LG Electronics CFO. 
Corporate Management General. 
Internal Director Seonghyun Kim* Male 1967.12 2022.03 - 2025.03 ･ Current) LG Display CFO ･ LG Display Finance Manager ･ LG U+ Finance Manager. 
Other Nonexecutive Director. 
Beom Jong Ha* Male 1968.07 2022.03 - 2025.03 ･ Current) Head of Management Support Division and Head of Finance Team at LG Co., Ltd. ･ LG Finance Team Leader / FInance Management Team Leader ･ LG Chem Jeong-Do Management TF, Diagnosis 2 Manager ･ LG Chem Financial Management Team Leader. 
Outside Director Byungho Lee Male 1964.07 2018.03 - 2024.03 ･ Current) Electrical and Computer Engineering, Seoul National University ･ President of the Korea Information Display Society ･ Vice President, Optical Society of Korea. 
Industrial Technology (professor)
Doocheol Moon Male 1967.11 2021.03 - 2024.03 ･ Current) Professor of Accounting, Department of Business Administration, Yonsei University ･ Deliberation member of the cooperative profit sharing system for large and small businesses ･ Vice President, The Korean Association for Government Accounting. 
Finance, Accounting (professor)
Chung Hae Kang*
Female 1964.05 2022.03 - 2025.03 ･ Current) Professor, University of Seoul Law School ･ Current) Vice-President, The Korean Environmental Sciences Society ･ Member of the Central Environmental Dispute Mediation Committee ･ Attorney at Law Firm Gwangjang. 
Law (professor)
Jungsuk Oh* Male 1970.09 2022.04 - 2023.03** ･ Current) Professor at Seoul National University Business School ･ Vice-President, Korean Operations Research and Management Science Society ･ Outside Director, Hyundai Steel ･ Sambo Computer Research Specialist. 
Management Consultation (professor) ※ As of May 31, 2022. 
Current Status of the Board of Directors in 2021. 
Session Date Agenda Attendance Rate. 
Category Detail Internal Directors Outside Directors 1st 2021.01.26. Report 2020 Q4 earnings report and 1 other case 100% 100%
Resolution Approval of the 36th financial statements and 2 other cases 2nd 2021.02.23. Report Internal accounting management system operation status evaluation result report and 1 other case 100% 100%
Resolution Convocation of the 36th regular general meeting of shareholders and approval of the purpose of the meeting 3rd 2021.03.23. Resolution Occupational health and safety plan approval and 4 other cases 100% 100% 4th 2021.04.26. Resolution Approval of the revised business plan for 2021 and report on first quarter results and 4 other cases 100% 100% 5th 2021.07.27. Report 2021 Q2 earnings report and 1 other case 100% 100% 6th 2021.08.13. Resolution Approval of small and medium-sized OLED investment 100% 100% 7th 2021.10.26. Report 2021 Q3 earnings report and 1 other case 100% 100% 8th 2021.11.24. Report Annual report on the treatment of retired executives 100% 100%
Resolution 2022 business plan approval and 9 other cases 2021 BOD Attendance Rate 100 %


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 73 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Appointment of Directors. 
LG Display's directors shall be appointed in compliance with relevant laws such as the Commercial Act and the company's regulations such as the Articles of Incorporation, and there are no separate standards for independence in the election of directors. However, in order to secure fairness and independence in the appointment of directors, in accordance with the relevant laws, the Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors Regulations, and the Outside Director Nomination Committee Regulations, internal directors and other non-executive directors are nominated by the Board of Directors and outside directors are nominated by the Outside Director Nomination Committee, and then finally appointed in the general shareholders' meeting. In the process, the Board of Directors and the Outside Director Nomination Committee go through a strict screening of whether each candidate possesses independence and professionalism as a director, and is suitable for performing his/her duties.
Diversity and Professionalism of the Board. 
LG Display strives to form a board of directors based on diversity and expertise to enhance corporate value, sustainable growth, and protect shareholder rights. In the process of appointing directors, we do not impose restrictions based on gender, race, nationality, political or cultural background, etc. By appointing outside directors with diverse expertise in industrial technology, finance/accounting, law, business consultation, etc., we are securing expertise in all areas of corporate management. In 2022, a female outside director with legal expertise was appointed, thus enhancing diversity.
To strengthen the expertise and responsibility of outside directors for management activities, LG Display holds workshops for outside directors on the main business status, the investment direction, the industrial technology and production process of our products, changes in the roles of directors according to the revised law, and investor feedback every year. In addition, we support non-executive directors in visiting domestic and overseas business sites to enhance their understanding of the display industry, technology, processes and businesses. Lastly, our Board of Directors may receive support from outside experts through a resolution of the Board of Directors if necessary in accordance with Article 12 of the Board of Directors Regulations.
Independence and Effectiveness of the Board. 
LG Display ensures that independent directors, who have secured independence in accordance with the director independence requirements, make up the majority (57%) of the board of directors, so that the supervisory function of the executives' job execution can be performed smoothly. In addition, the company has an Outside Director Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant laws and the Articles of Incorporation, through which the evaluation of the outside director candidates is verified and suitable candidates are nominated. All directors are appointed on an individual agenda through the general meeting of shareholders, and the directors are appointed by comprehensively reviewing independence, expertise, and diversity. For the effective performance of the duties of outside directors, LG Display is allowing the directors to hold concurrent positions only as outside directors of 1 company other than this company, as long as that company is not in competition with LG Display, within the scope permitted by the criteria for inspection of reasons for disqualification of outside directors under commercial laws and other related laws.
Performance Evaluation and Compensation of the Board of Directors. 
LG Display evaluates management performance by dividing it into financial indicators (sales, operating profit, etc.) and other indicators (long-term tasks, business tasks, etc.). Management's remuneration is carried out according to the standards decided by the BOD in consideration of the position and duties within the amount approved by the general shareholders' meeting, and performance-related pay is paid based on the financial resources and performance evaluation results, approved by the BOD. However, in order to maintain fairness and independence, we do not provide separate incentive payments or link remuneration according to the evaluation of outside directors' activities. Remuneration for all outside directors is the same within the limit of remuneration approved at the general shareholders' meeting, and there is no difference in remuneration for outside directors. LG Display discloses the remuneration of all directors, including the CEO, in its business report, and the CEO's remuneration in 2021 was approximately 17.2 times the average annual remuneration of its employees.
Requirements for Outside Director Independence 1 External directors must not have been hired by the company as an executive within the past five years.
2 Except as permitted by the definition of SEC Rule 4200, an external director shall not accept or retain “a company or any member of its family receiving payments from its parent or subsidiary company in excess of $60,000 in the current fiscal year or in the last three fiscal years,” except as permitted by the SEC Regulation 4200 definition.
3 External directors must not be members of the family of individuals who have been employed as officers/ executive officers of the parent company or its subsidiaries for the past three years.
4 External directors must not be advisors or consultants to the company or members of senior management (no partnerships allowed).
5 External directors must not be affiliated with the company's significant customers or suppliers.
6 External directors must not enter into personal service contracts with the company or its senior management.
7 External directors must not be affiliated with non-profit organizations that receive significant contributions from the company.
8 External directors must not be partners or employees of external auditors of the company in the past three years.
9 External directors must have no other conflicts of interest that the Board of Directors considers to be compromising the person’s independence.
Board Expertise Ratio ㅣ Unit : %
Corporate Management 42.8. 
Industrial Technology 14.3. 
Business Consultation 14.3. 
Financial Accounting 14.3. 
Law 14.3. 
Percentage of Female Outside Directors 25 %


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 74 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Committee Composition. 
In accordance with Article 34 of the Articles of Incorporation and Article 11 of the Board of Directors Regulations, the Board of Directors delegates authority to five committees: the External Director Nomination Committee, the Management Committee, the Related Party Transaction Committee, the ESG Committee, and the Audit Committee. Among them, the Audit Committee and the External Director Nomination Committee are mandatory by law.
The organization, operation, and authority of each committee within the BOD are stipulated in accordance with the committee regulations established by the resolution of the BOD, and, excluding the management committee, more than two-thirds of the committee members are outside directors, ensuring fairness and independence. However, the Management Committee is composed of two internal directors to enable the BOD to deliberate on more important issues intensively and efficiently and to promote prompt work performance of the management.
Audit Committee. 
LG Display has established the Audit Committee as an internal audit body in accordance with Article 542, 11 of the Commercial Act. The Audit Committee is an independent organization in which all members, including the chairperson, are made up of external directors with no grounds for disqualification in accordance with the Commercial Act and the Articles of Incorporation. The Audit Committee audits the company's accounting and major business operations, approves the appointment of external auditors, evaluates the operation of the internal accounting management system, and checks the operation status of internal monitoring devices.
The audit committee is provided with training necessary to perform their duties every year, and they check the management and reinforce their expertise by assessing the roles and activities of the Audit Committee through self-evaluation. The Audit Committee holds a meeting at least once every quarter, and the attendance rate of the audit committee in 2021 was 100%.
Activities of the Audit Committee in 2021. 
Session Date Agenda Attendance Rate Category Detail 1st 2021.01.26. Report External audit progress report and 7 other cases 100%
Resolution Approval of audit services by an external auditor and 1 other case 2nd 2021.02.23. Report Inspection report of the 36th financial statements and 1 other cases 100%
Resolution Internal accounting management system operation status evaluation and 2 other case 3rd 2021.04.26. Report External audit progress report and 3 other cases 100%
Resolution Appointment of Audit Committee Chairman 4th 2021.07.27. Report External audit progress report and 4 other cases 100%
Resolution Approval of the appointment of the department head of the supporting department by the Audit Committee and 1 other case 5th 2021.10.26. Report External audit progress report and 2 other cases 100% * Refer to the business report (2022.3) for the detailed status of the Audit Committee meetings. 
Governance System. 
Board of Directors. 
Board Secretariat. 
Outside Director Nomination Committee. 
Audit Committee. 
Related Party Transaction Committee. 
ESG Committee Management Committee. 
Category Name Gender Specialty Audit Committee. 
Outside Director Nomination Committee*
Internal Trade Committee. 
ESG Committee Management Committee. 
Internal Director (chairman) Hoyoung Jeong Male Corporate Management General. 
Internal Director Seonghyun Kim Male Corporate Management General. 
Other Nonexecutive Director. 
Beom Jong Ha Male Corporate Management General. 
Outside Director Byungho Lee Male Industrial Technology (professor)
Outside Director Doocheol Moon Male Finance/Accounting (professor)
Outside Director Chung Hae Kang Female Law (professor)
Outside Director Jungsuk Oh** Male Management Consultation (professor) ※ As of May 31, 2022 * In the case of the Outside Director Nomination Committee, a new chairperson will be appointed at the next committee ** Outside Director Jungsuk Oh will be appointed as a member of both the Internal Transaction Committee and the ESG Committee at the next BOD meeting.
Chairperson Member


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 75 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
ESG Committee. 
LG Display established the ESG Committee in April 2021 to reinforce ESG management and realize longterm sustainable growth by promoting ESG management more systematically. The ESG Committee deliberates and approves basic policies and strategies for ESG management, sets mid-to-long-term goals for LG Display's ESG, and checks the plans and performance of ESG management activities. The ESG Committee meets semi-annually, and the participation rate of the ESG Committee was 100% for both internal and outside directors in 2021.
Outside Director Nomination Committee. 
The Outside Director Nomination Committee nominates candidates for new outside director appointments, and during the outside director’s three-year term, the attendance rate of the board of directors and professional advice are considered comprehensively. The official evaluation of the activities of outside director is made and the agreement on reappointment is reviewed.
LG Display’s outside directors are individually appointed at the general shareholders' meeting after being recommended by the Outside Director Nomination Committee through evaluation, verification, and examination of the candidates. Currently, the outside directors of LG Display are composed of industry technology, finance/accounting, law, and business consultation experts. The Outside Director Nomination Committee meets as needed, and the participation rate of their meetings was 100% for both internal and outside directors in 2021.
Activities of the Outside Director Nomination Committee in 2021. 
Date Agenda Topic Attendance Rate Approval Status Internal Directors Outside Directors 2021.02.23. Approval of nominations for outside director candidates 100% 100% Voted. 
Related Party Transactions Committee. 
The Related Party Transactions Committee was established in July 2021 to enhance the fairness of transactions and transparency by strengthening the company's control over internal transactions such as transactions between affiliates. The Related Party Transactions Committee deliberates and approves transactions with related parties under the Commercial Act and the Fair Trade Act that exceed a certain size and reports the results to the BOD. The Related Party Transactions Committee is set to meet semiannually, but meets as often as needed in practice. In 2021, the participation rate of the Related Party Transactions Committee was 100% for both internal and outside directors.
Activities of the Related Party Transactions Committee in 2021. 
Date Agenda Attendance Rate Approval Status Category Details Internal Directors Outside Directors 2021.07.15. Resolution Appointment of the chairman of the internal transactions committee 100% 100% Voted. 
Report Fair trade laws and regulations related to internal transactions and 1 other case Report 2021.11.09. Resolution Re-approval for approved transactions in 2021 and 5 other cases 100% 100% Voted. 
Activities of the ESG Committee in 2021. 
Date Agenda Attendance Rate Approval Status Category Details Internal Directors Outside Directors 2021.10.26 Resolution 1. ESG Committee Chairperson appointment 100% 100% Voted 2. ESG execution plan. 
Report 3. ESG Committee operation plan Report 4. Report on strengthening safety and environment competency. 
Management Committee. 
LG Display established the Management Committee to enable the BOD to deliberate on more important issues intensively and efficiently through the delegation of daily business matters and financial matters below a certain scale, and to promote the prompt execution of business by the management.
The Management Committee, which consists of two internal directors, decides on issues related to the issuance of bonds and decides on the establishment and abolition of overseas corporations, branches, factories, offices, and other important facilities below a certain size. The Management Committee meets as needed, and the attendance rate of the management committee was 100% in 2021.
Activities of the Management Committee in 2021. 
Date Agenda Topic Attendance Rate Approval Status 2021.08.19 Issuance of the 43-1 and 43-2 non-guaranteed private placement bonds 100% Voted


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 76 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Protection of Shareholder Rights. 
LG Display is working hard to ensure the rights of shareholders by actively disclosing information related to corporate activities and general shareholders' meetings in various places at home and abroad. To listen to the opinions of minority shareholders, the electronic voting system was introduced in January 2021, and the general shareholders' meeting is held every year, avoiding the dates of other general shareholders' meetings. In addition, we improved the predictability of shareholders and investors by establishing and disclosing the dividend policy for the fiscal year 2021-2023. In the future, LG Display will continue to work to protect shareholder rights and enhance value.
Shareholder Composition and Status. 
The total number of shares issued by LG Display is 357,815,700 common shares as of the end of 2021. We have never issued preferred stocks, and among the issued stocks, there are no non-voting stocks, such as treasury stocks or stocks with voting rights restricted by other laws.
Our largest shareholder is LG Electronics, which holds 135,625,000 shares, 37.9% of the total issued stock. The other major shareholders are the National Pension Service (5.3%) and CITI Bank (2.2%). The stocks held by our CEO are 0.25 times the annual remuneration, and the average stocks held by executives other than the CEO are 0.47 times the annual average remuneration. In addition, the total amount of shares owned by the founder is 5.32%.
LG Display has a single voting system with one voting right for each issued common stock. In addition, by introducing an electronic voting system in January 2021, we listen to the opinions of minority shareholders and ensure that shareholders exercise their rights in accordance with laws and regulations. We hold a general shareholders' meeting every year, avoiding the dates of other general shareholders' meeting.
Dividend Policy. 
In order to enhance shareholder value and improve shareholder return, LG Display comprehensively considers business performance, cash flow, investment, and financial structure when determining dividends. The dividend per share for 2021 was 650 won, with a cash dividend payout ratio of 19.61% and a cash dividend yield of 2.82%. No interim and quarterly dividends were paid. In addition, we have established and disclosed the dividend policy for the fiscal year 2021-2023 as follows to enhance the predictability of investors.
Shareholder and Investor Communication. 
When LG Display discloses the date, place, and agenda of the general meeting of shareholders through our website and the Financial Supervisory Service's Data Analysis, Retrieval and Transfer System (DART) two weeks before a general shareholders’ meeting is to be held. In addition, information on corporate management, shareholder composition and status, as well as finances is disclosed on the Korean and English website, the electronic disclosure systems (DART, KIND), and the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) disclosure system.
In addition, LG Display conducts various IR activities to promote communication with shareholders and investors. Various types of IR are held, such as meetings for minority shareholders, business site visits, quarterly performance briefings, and regular NDR (Non-Deal Roadshow) briefings to enhance shareholder understanding of our company's activities. In 2021, an average of 13.9 IR meetings per week were held both offline and online due to COVID-19 restrictions.
2021-2023 Business Year Dividend Policy ･ We plan to maintain a dividend payout ratio of 20% based on consolidated net income.
･ The above dividend policy is scheduled and can be changed according to various conditions such as changes in the business environment and market conditions.
･ Details such as dividends for each business year will be decided by the company's BOD and through regular general shareholders' meetings.
･ Consolidated net income is based on the parent company's shares, excluding one-time nonrecurring income. Stakeholder Composition ※ As of December 31, 2021. 
Shareholder Name Number of Shares Owned (shares) Ownership Ratio (%)
LG Electronics 135,625,000 37.9. 
National Pension Service* 19,063,230 5.3. 
CITI Bank [ADR DEPT] 7,955,467 2.2. 
BlackRock 6,371,975 1.8. 
Mirae Asset Global Investments 3,122,051 0.9. 
Total 172,137,723 48.1 * Based on disclosure on May 31, 2022 ※ As of December 31, 2021, we do not have gold stocks for government agencies


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 77 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
LG Display preemptively identifies various risks that might occur during business activities and corporate operation and prepares countermeasures to ensure stable business operations. We continue to enhance the effectiveness of risk management by classifying risks by function and area such as finance, compliance, ESG, business activities, etc., and by encouraging business teams to independently identify and manage risks.
Risk Management Governance. 
LG Display’s departments of each area and function proactively identify and manage internal and external risks, namely in finance, compliance and ethics, ESG, and business activities. Each department identifies issues through risk analysis and evaluation and establishes countermeasures accordingly. Going forward, LG Display will quickly respond to the rapidly changing internal and external environments through business-led risk identification and management.
Risk Monitoring and Management Activities. 
At LG Display, each department monitors and manages risks related to business activities, such as production shutdowns, delays in technology development and risks related to corporate operations, such as environmental and safety accidents at worksites and confidential information leaks. We select major potential risks considering the likelihood of occurrence and business impact. Based on the selected risks, we identify and manage opportunities that have potential to lead to long-term growth and improvement on financial performance.
We have a reinforced risk management system in place particularly for risks that are closely related to business operations and company reputation namely in regard to safety, finance, compliance, and the environment by including theses risks in management and each department’s KPIs. In addition, regular education/training is conducted for employees, and we are making an effort to establish a risk management culture by emphasizing the importance of risk management in our daily life through e-mails and internal campaign videos.
Emerging Risk. 
LG Display has defined the potential risks that are likely to have the most significant impact on our business stability and sustainability as follows. Our plan is to effectively manage the listed risks by analyzing the business impact of each potential risk and implementing response activities to mitigate these risks.
Business Operations. 
Business Impact Response Activities Risk ･ Drastic changes in interest rates and exchange rates affecting business profitability ･ Constantly performing foreign currency position management and currency risk measurement and responding to fluctuations. 
Financial Risk ･ Possibility of encroachment on OLED market following a confidential information leak ･ Deterioration of corporate competitiveness ･ Training and public relations activities for employees on the need for thorough information management ･ Establishment of a monitoring system for specific behavior of employees. 
Information Leak ･ Decreased employee engagement and trust due to an unsafe work environment ･ Reputation damage harming the customers’, investors’, and the community’s trust in our companycustomers’, investors’, and the community’s trust in our company ･ Receiving feedback on how to improve the safety management sector and taking actions ･ Enhancing the regular environmental safety monitoring system. 
Environment Safety Accident. 
Category. 
Business Activities ･ Bottleneck issues resulting from USChina conflict, Covid-19, etc. ･ Risk of sanctions against major stakeholders due to human rights violations in the supply chain and conflicts over certain minerals ･ Establishing a preemptive response system by expanding the scope and target of due diligence in the supply chain ･ Proving competency-enhancing training to more partner companies. 
Supply Chain Issue ･ Possible impact on orders if customer requirements for eco-friendly technologies are not met ･ Losing competitiveness in eco-friendly technologies ･ Fostering ‘market-creating’ businesses that will lead the future market by expanding R&D investment ･ Laying the foundation that enables rapid technology development by recruiting and leveraging talented key individuals. 
Delay in Eco- Technology Development ･ Korea's total fertility rate is 0.84, the only country among OECD countries with a score below 1, and a shortage of manpower is expected in 2040 when the population born in 2020 is incorporated into the labor force.
･ Attracting talented foreign individuals with master's and doctoral degrees in R&D ･ Newly establishing a ‘Department of Display Convergence Engineering’ in connection with university recruitment ･ Vitalization of industry-university scholarship students. 
Man-power Supply Risk ･ Destruction of major facilities in Paju/Gumi ･ Suspension of logistics processes such as airports/ports ･ Restriction of business activities due to employee fatalities or evacuation ･ Establishment of a response plan for each stage of emergency alert ･ Establishment of a stable operation plan for domestic/foreign production material mobilization ･ Finding alternative transportation routes and means ･ Establishment of employee protection plan. 
North Korea Provokes War. 
Risk Management Areas and Core Risks. 
Management Areas Core Risks. 
Production Shutdown ･ Utility supply interruption (electricity) ･ Logistics disruption. 
Information Security ･ Core technology and key trade secret information leaked. 
Information System Failure ･ Information System Shut-Down ･ Hacking/Virus. 
Environment/Health ･ Factory gas/chemical leak ･ Environmental pollution ･ Climate response. 
Human Calamities ･ Major casualties ･ Industrial accidents ･ Infectious diseases. 
Production Infrastructure Disasters ･ Fire/Explosions. 
Stakeholder Conflict ･ Internal conflicts (labor disputes, sabotage, strikes) ･ External conflicts (large-scale claims)


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 78 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Crisis Management System. 
LG Display is continuously strengthening its crisis response capabilities by reorganizing the crisis management system and related organizations such as responsibility, authority, and processes for crisis management tasks. On an everyday basis, we identify potential crisis in our business activities, and strive to reduce risks and prevent recurrence/preemption of crises. In the event of a crisis, we will do our best to prevent the escalation of the crisis through a prompt and transparent response system prepared in advance in order to restore business activities to normal at an early stage.
Crisis Management Policy. 
LG Display is continuously operating and reinforcing its crisis management system under the principle of “overcoming crises within a short period of time through prompt and systematic response to secure trust with stakeholders and to restore business activities to normal at an early stage.” To put this into practice, employees are fulfilling their respective responsibilities and obligations for crisis management, including compliance with the following policies.
･ Life and safety come first in all situations. ･ We respond promptly according to clear standards and procedures, and transparently share and expand information. ･ Relevant organizations, including the accident management division, actively respond to the occurrence of an accident to minimize damage and conclude the situation quickly. ･ Conduct risk reduction activities for management targets and reinforce crisis response capabilities through periodic education and training. ･ In accordance with internal and external environmental changes, the crisis management system is continuously maintained and managed to ensure effectiveness.
Areas Subject to Critical Crisis Management. 
Areas Types of Accidents Subject to Critical Risk Management. 
Safe Environment Safety Accidents, Chemical Spillage/Leakage, Fire/Explosions, Infectious Diseases, Occupational Diseases, Law Violations. 
Quality Product Performance Issues. 
Information Security Industry Information Leakage, Hacking/Infiltration of Computer Networks. 
Public Relations Unfair Trade (including abuse of power)
HR/Labor/ Management Sexual Harassment/Workplace Harassment. 
Crisis Management Organization and Priority Management Targets. 
LG Display operates a crisis management committee as a body that manages and supervises the companywide crisis management system, consisting of divisions for each area and a specialized organization at the head office. In the event of an accident/crisis, an emergency response committee is formed flexibly to suit the type and situation of the accident, led by the management directly related to the accident, and conducts company-wide integrated command and situation management for a quick return to normalcy.
In addition, the types of accidents that require company-wide selection and intensive management were selected as priority management targets and a crisis management division was formed. Each division conducts risk reduction and improvement activities to prevent accidents in advance for the types of accidents subject to priority management, and checks and manages the level of crisis response through simulation training and education.
The company is strengthening its crisis response capabilities by establishing stable operation of the crisis management system and by continuously managing changes in the management target and scope according to internal and external business conditions.
Crisis Management and Response Procedures LG Display performs crisis assessment, response plan establishment/implementation, implementation checks, and changes management according to the types of managed incidents in order to respond to incidents and manage crisis. In the event of an accident, the situation is quickly analyzed through simultaneous accident propagation and reporting, the impact of damage and potential issues are identified to determine the scope of the crisis, which is then promptly handled in the initial stage in accordance with the principle of protecting human life first and responding to the spread of the crisis and taking preventative measures to avoid secondary damage. In addition, we identify the root cause through an objective accident investigation and establish crisis response action tasks including measures to prevent recurrence, and conduct implementation checks and adapt management until normalcy is restored.
Crisis Management Process. 
Crisis Management. 
Accident Management and Response to Risks ･ Early response, crisis judgment, communication ･ Accident investigation, task execution. 
Return to Normalcy and Improvement/ Reinforcement ･ Reflection ･ Measures to prevent recurrence, implementation check. 
Policies and Response Principles ･ Policies, management standards ･ Response procedures, action guidelines. 
Managing Changes ･ Risk reduction/improvement activities ･ Education/training. 
Preparation. 
Response. 
Prevention. 
Recovery


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 79 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
Board of Directors and Committees Governance Data Compliance Management Jeong-Do Management Protection of Shareholder Rights Risk Management and Crisis Management System. 
Governance Data. 
Jeong-Do Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Code of Conduct Application Rate % 100 100 100. 
Code of Conduct Awareness Signature Rate in the Last 3 Years % 100 100 100. 
Code of Conduct Application Rate and Signature Rate. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Ratio of Jeong-Do Management Training % 100 100 100. 
Total training hours for Jeong-Do Management Hours 18,913 17,748 41,660. 
Total number of trainees for Jeong-Do Management People 23,598 23,209 63,974. 
Jeong-Do Management Training. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Reporting and information sharing Cases 105 79 71. 
Completion of sanctions such as disciplinary actions People 52 51 33. 
Application and Measures against Violations of Jeong-Do Management. 
Board of Directors and Committees. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Executives People 2 2 2. 
Outside Directors (Independent Directors) People 4 4 4. 
Other Non-executive Directors People 1 1 1. 
Sub Total People 7 7 7. 
Board Composition * As of December 31, 2021. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Male People 7 7 7. 
Female People --
Board Gender Diversity * As of December 31, 2021. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Number of Board Meetings Cases 9 7 8. 
Average Attendance Rate % 90.0 94.0 100. 
Average Attendance Rate of Outside Directors % 90.6 100 100. 
Number of Board Meetings and Attendance Rate * As of December 31, 2021. 
Protection of Shareholder Rights. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
CEO (basic salary/stock/stock price as of the end of the year) Ratio 1.02 0.25 0.50. 
Average Shareholding by Non-CEO Executives Ratio 0.23 0.47 0.78. 
Management Shareholding. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Founder Shareholding % 5.58 5.88 5.32. 
Founder Shareholding. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Average Tenure of the Board of Directors Years 1 2.1 3.1. 
Average Tenure of the Board of Directors * As of December 31, 2021


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 80 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
ECONOMIC. 
SECTION. 
It is essential to actively explore and prepare for new business opportunities to achieve amid changing economic environments and to make efforts to provide innovative customer value. LG Display is committed to continuous. 
R&D and quality management, and management innovation. Through customer value innovation and other innovation efforts, we will develop new leading products and new technologies, and provide differentiated customer value.
Financial Stability 81. 
Tax Policy 82. 
R&D and Quality Management 83. 
Management Innovation 86. 
Customer Value Innovation 88. 
Economic Data 89


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 81 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Financial Stability. 
LG Display is leading the market by continuously developing innovative products with our differentiated technology and stable production capacity. In particular, we are striving to strengthen our core competencies and seize future business opportunities faster than our competitors by overhauling organizational structure to better respond to the changing business environment. In the future, we will do our best to secure growth engines and continuously perform business activities to create a sustainable revenue stream by innovating customer value, accelerating business structure conversion to OLED, and discovering future growth engines.
Sales. 
In 2021, the trend of digital transformation and lifestyle diversification has accelerated due to the prolonged COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, LG Display created a meaningful turning point for normalization of business and advancement of business structure, recording an all-time high of KRW 29.878 trillion in annual sales. As an export driven company, overseas sales take up 97.9% (KRW 29 trillion 245.5 billion).
OLED TV panel shipments increased by 70%, leading the entire premium TV market, despite the dire market situation where the overall TV market grew in the low 10% range. The LCD business strengthened its profit structure by preemptively paving the way to expand the proportion of high value-added IT businesses.
Going forward, we expect innovation into various convergence products beyond traditional product fields ,namely TV and IT, and expansion into new industrial fields will unfold a new future for the display industry. LG Display will strive to respond to changes with flexibility and agility, strengthen core competencies, and dominate future industrial opportunities based on the reorganization of large and mid- to small-sized businesses.
Business Performance by Sector. 
In 2021, the OLED segment of the TV division achieved sales growth of 40% thanks to the growth of the OLED business and the rise in LCD panel prices in the first half of the year. Although the overall TV market demand recorded negative growth throughout the year, our clients and customers' awareness of the differentiated value in OLED TV has been rising. Therefore, our OLED TV panel shipments grew by more than 70% compared to the previous year and marked a turnaround in the second half of the year. In addition to that, the sales ratio of the OLED division in the TV increased from 40% in 2020 to 50% in 2021. In the LCD TV sector, we carried out structural innovation mainly focusing on the Fab, which had weak competitiveness. With such efforts, we are minimizing the impact of changes in the market conditions.
In the IT business, external factors have kept the demand for IT devices high such as the work from home trend, the expansion of online education, and changes in the office environment. To keep up with such trends, we are continuously expanding the proportion of high-end differentiated products. Sales in 2021 grew by 20% compared to the previous year. We have also further reinforced our market leadership through close mid- to long-term collaboration with customers. When it comes to the mobile business sector, we strengthened our relationship to our customers by achieving innovation in development, mass production, and quality competitiveness. In particular, as we started expanding POLED technology not only to mobile, but also to Wearable and Automotive devices, sales in the POLED sector grew by just over 30% compared to the previous year.
Sales Performance ㅣ Unit: KRW 100 million, K-IFRS (consolidated)
Domestic Overseas 2019 2020 2021 222,110 234,756 12,646 233,495 242,616 9,121 292,455 298,780 6,325 * Revised and disclosed the 2020 financial statements by applying the changes in accounting policy retrospectively 2021 Sales & Ratio by Product. 
Mobile, etc. (Panels for Smart Phones, etc. 7,953,111 KRW million 26.6%
IT (Panels for monitors, laptops, tablets, etc.) 12,458,740 KRW million 41.7%
TV (TV Panel) 9,466,192 KRW million 31.7%


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 82 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Tax Policy. 
LG Display complies with the tax laws and regulations of the countries where it conducts business activities and fulfills tax obligations where we operate our business, including of course the jurisdiction of our headquarters. LG Display preemptively identifies and manages tax-related risks such as tax avoidance and sales transfers.
Management Policy. 
LG Display has established tax management policies to strictly comply with tax regulations and promotes transparent business activities as a responsible global company that operates business sites in 8 countries around the world, including the Republic of Korea where its headquarters are located. We are committed to complying with related regulations, reporting and paying taxes and managing risks. With such efforts, we are doing our best to prevent risks that may arise from differences in tax laws and interpretations between countries.
Management Method. 
As LG Display entered overseas markets, it processes various transactions, and operates specialized departments under the organization to respond to the changing international tax environment. In order to proactively manage and minimize tax risks, we have internal regulations and processes in place and, if necessary, we leverage tax experts from each country.
In case of changes to related laws, such as the announcement of the revised tax law and the creation of rules and precedents, we monitor applicable contents and respond to risks that may arise from changes in advance. We perform internal transactions in accordance with the arm's length principle, which is periodically updated to accommodate changes in the business environment. We are committed to providing relevant information in a timely manner, if requested by the tax authorities, and exert efforts to respond to such requests.
Disclosure of Corporate Tax Information. 
LG Display discloses its business report and consolidates its audit report on the Financial Supervisory Service Electronic Disclosure System (DART or Data Analysis, Retrieval, and Transfer System) to publish the details of corporate tax expenses transparently. Also, we regularly post information on our tax obligations, including effective tax rates, through the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (SEC)’s business report and annual report (Form 20-F).
For the sake of transparent disclosure of tax information, we have our internal accounting team and external accounting firms conduct a final review when it comes to major tax returns.
Current Status of Corporate Tax ㅣ Unit: KRW 1 million, %
Category 2019 2020 2021. 
Pre-tax Profit (3,344,242) (602,446) 1,718,885. 
Corporate Tax (472,164) (526,299) 385,341. 
Effective Tax Rate (*) (*) 22.42 * Effective tax rate cannot be calculated due to deficit in 2019 and 2020 ･ LG Display complies with the tax laws and regulations of the countries where it conducts business in accordance with its tax management policies and operates in the spirit of compliance.
･ LG Display establishes and applies TP* Policy suitable for global standards according to the functions and risks of each corporation.
･ LG Display prohibits the transfer of income between countries using differences in tax structure, does not abuse tax avoidance transactions nor tax havens, and fulfills tax obligations in good faith.
･ LG Display does not unreasonably reduce the tax burden or use a tax structure that has no commercial substance.
Legal Compliance ･ LG Display reports and fulfills filing and payment obligations within predefined due data in accordance with the laws of each country.
･ LG Display cooperates with the tax authorities of each country and provides relevant facts and evidence in a timely manner upon request.
Tax Filing and Payment ･ LG Display focuses on early detection of tax issues to mitigate and eliminate uncertainty.
･ LG Display avoids tax risks by hiring tax professionals with knowledge and understanding of our business to recognize differences in tax laws of different countries.
Risk Management * Transfer Pricing


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 83 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
R&D and Quality Management. 
LG Display is leading the market by continuously developing innovative products based on differentiated technology and stable production capacity. In particular, we are striving to strengthen our core competencies and acquire future business opportunities in advance through organizational restructuring in response to changes in the business environment. In the future, we will do our best to provide a driving force for continuous business activities and growth and to create sustainable profits through customer value innovation, accelerating business structure conversion to OLED, and discovering future growth engines.
R&D System. 
LG Display is leading the global market by releasing creative and innovative products with new and next generation technologies into the market in a timely manner. We are developing products that create customer value and are high-yield, high-quality and ensure high profitability as we perform thorough R&D activities on new models and new technologies.
Our R&D organization is largely divided into a research organization and a development organization. The research center under the CTO, a technology development organization, researches next-generation and underlying technologies and strengthens the competitiveness of the current business, preparing for the future through product R&D. The product development organization consists of separate organizations in charge of each product line, such as TV, IT, and Mobile, and takes initiatives to develop products for each line, operating separately in Paju and Gumi.
R&D Investment. 
In order to expand the production capacity of differentiated and competitive products such as OLED, LG Display has invested approximately KRW 3.2 trillion in facilities in 2021 based on cash expenditure. Our plan for 2022 is to invest in facilities within EBITDA while continuously improving our financial integrity.
Our R&D ratio to sales is about 7%, and we are continuously creating customer value through systematic R&D activities for new products and new technologies. With our competitive advantage in the R&D sector, we are providing differentiated value in various product lines including OLED and TFT-LCD embedded TV, IT, mobile, automotive and industrial purposed products.
R&D Expenses ㅣ Unit : %, KRW 1Million. 
R&D cost R&D cost ratio to sales 2019 2020 2021 1,776,879 1,740,083 2,127,705 7.6 7.2 7.1. 
R&D Organizational Chart. 
CTO ･ Technology research based on OLED/POLED ･ Research on basic technology and convergence technology related to future display products. 
Basic Technology Research Center. 
Prior Technology Research Center ･ OLED/POLED prior technology development ･ Next-generation display technology development ･ Promotion of R&D DX. 
Each Division. 
Development Group. 
Group and responsible organization ･ Includes product-specific circuit, instrument/ optical, and panel design departments ･ Operated separately in Paju, Gumi, etc.
Development Organization Research Organization


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 84 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation 2022 CPU Hosting and Sponsorship Agreement. 
Participation in the Campus Patent Universiade (CPU) Competition as a Sponsor. 
LG Display is a sponsor for CPU contests hosted by the Korean Intellectual Property Office with the aim of nurturing talented people in the field of intellectual property and connecting creative ideas produced on campus to industries. We are contributing to nurturing talents in universities to be ready for industrial sites by setting problems for the contest and serving as a sponsor and judge of the contest.
LG Display set three tasks for last year’s contest: setting a product commercialization strategy by using transparent displays in the invention commercialization sector, a strategy for patent analysis concerning VR, as well as patent analysis and a strategy to establish a comprehensive patent portfolio concerning wearable display technology. We saw a lot of renowned universities actively submitting their answers and evaluated the answers as a judge delivering requirements from the industry to universities and graduate schools while listening to the voices of university students.
As a result of the sponsorship, a total of 9 teams were awarded and won prize money, compromising of 3 Excellence Awards winners and 6 Participation Award winners. In the event that award winners wish to work at a CPU sponsoring organization, we offered various benefits such as providing job opportunities through the “CPU Recruitment Service” as per the preferential employment agreement of the sponsoring organization.
In the future, we will actively support the cultivation of talented individuals in the field of intellectual property in cooperation with the Korean Intellectual Property Office and the Korean Academy of Engineering.
Intellectual Property Rights. 
LG Display has secured competitiveness in technologies embedded in our products such as OLED and LCD by acquiring patents for technologies developed through our R&D efforts. In 2021, we acquired 1,763 domestic patents and 2,379 overseas patents, and as of December 31, 2021, we have accumulated 23,109 domestic and 30,380 overseas patents.
Universiade Award_ Minister of Science, Technology, Information and Communication Award. 
Universiade Award_ Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Award


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 85 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Quality Control. 
Securing product quality is essential to securing market competitiveness. LG Display has established quality promotion strategies such as securing the No. 1 quality competitiveness recognized by customers and securing the completeness of core model development quality, and is promoting quality improvement activities by establishing a differentiated quality assurance system. In addition, we are working hard to secure quality and improve quality standards by operating a specialized quality management organization and establishing a computerized system-based integrated quality work system.
Establishment of Quality Assurance Strategy. 
LG Display is enhancing its quality assurance system based on desirable quality standards and systems for customer value innovation. In particular, we are striving to provide the best quality and service to customers through four main quality improvement strategies: ‘Securing quality to near perfection for core models,’ ‘building a mass production quality assurance system optimized for change,’ ‘ranking 1st in quality competitiveness recognized by customers,’ and 'building a quality cost improvement system that overcomes the environment.’ In addition, we are continuously carrying out quality improvement activities by establishing a differentiated quality assurance system for other strategic products.
Establishment of the Integrated Quality Visibility System(QVIS) based on the Electronic Quality System. 
LG Display has established the Quality Visibility System (QVIS), which enables early detection of quality abnormalities in all areas and enhancement in speed and completeness in tracing causes of quality issues and analyzing correlations. We are constantly striving to improve customer satisfaction regarding quality response, as well as minimizing losses associated with quality issues. We first introduced this system to the OLED TV product line in 2021 and are planning to apply it to every product line by 2022.
Operation of Dedicated Quality Assurance Team. 
LG Display assures excellent product quality by operating a dedicated quality assurance team by product, production stage, and region. In particular, we are operating a development quality organization to secure new technologies faster than competitors and to optimize inspection and test standards. Furthermore, we have reinforced the quality management system at domestic and overseas business sites and are aiming to achieve optimization in quality cost and lead time through enhanced process efficiency.
Quality Control Organizations. 
Head Office. 
Quality Management Center (in charge of prior quality/ mass production quality)
Large Quality Department (affiliated with large business division)
Small and Medium-Sized Quality Department (affiliated with Small and Medium Business Division)
Overseas. 
Guangzhou Quality Room (OLED TV, LCD TV, Monitor)
Nanjing Quality Room (Notebook, Tablet, Auto)
Vietnam Quality Room (OLED TV, S/Phone, Auto)
Yantai Quality Team (S/Watch)
Quality Management System Operation through Standardization and Audits. 
LG Display has established and standardized implementation standards for the quality management system and documents them in a guidebook. We regularly put together this guidebook, register standards, share them across the company through the in-house standard electronic system, and keep them up to date. Having established our own quality assurance system, we have distributed implementation guidelines across the company and regularly check the implementation status and review the pre-sale quality of products to take the quality system to the next level.
International Quality System Certification. 
LG Display strives to obtain international quality standard certifications and apply and maintain the latest changes to respond to customer needs and market changes in a timely manner. Furthermore, we have set up a global standard quality management process with acquired international quality standard certifications to ensure a consistent quality level not only for locally manufactured products but also products manufactured at overseas sites. The Paju plant holds the ISO 9001 (quality management system) certification, and the Gumi plant holds the ISO 9001 (quality management system) as well as the IATF 16949 (automotive quality management system) certification. Both the Paju and Gumi plants undergo post-examinations every year, and their certifications are renewed every three years.
ISO 9001 Paju Manufacturing Base


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 86 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Management Innovation. 
LG Display is striving to secure future growth engines through task-based innovation activities, employee- and customer-led innovation activities and support for startups and in-house ventures. We will encourage participation of various stakeholders to innovate many aspects ranging from business areas and product development to organizational culture and corporate operation.
New Value Creation through TDR Activities. 
LG Display applies a new platform (technology/process) and DX-based process to lead the market through annual TDR activities and takes challenging initiatives to make more than a mediocre improvement. TDR stands for ‘Tear Down and Redesign’, and it is an innovative activity where experts from various fields gather to solve a specific problem and work on a project for a certain period of time. Through TDR activities, we are delivering meaningful results in all areas, including the development of innovative products and new technologies, as well as improvement in quality and productivity.
LG Display performed 23 TDR activities in 2021, namely achieving maximized yield for OLED TV, establishing an integrated quality system, and improving customer process defect rates. To brace for the future and new businesses, we are also focusing on IT OLED technology, new device development, micro LED, and TDR promotion for foldable product development activities, etc. LG Display will continue to lead the display market through its continuously new and differentiated development.
Leap Toward Innovation Based on the ‘Needs Card’ Idea. 
LG Display’s ‘Needs Card’ is a system that collects the various needs and ideas of employees and customers. Not only customers but also all employees who can represent consumers can participate, and they can easily access this system and leave their comments using PCs and mobile devices. Our plan is to use this Needs Card system to accumulate ideas as data and leverage them as an asset and a pool of resources for new business ideas, product planning, and promotion, so that they can be implemented into our business following review and discussions by expert departments.
Innovation Driven by all Employees through the Suggestions System. 
LG Display is operating a suggestions system in which everyone at LG Display can participate, believing that the collected suggestions will bring about great innovation. We run the ‘Idea Bank' system, which collects excellent improvement cases in a database for all employees to use as reference material for problem solving. Also, we constantly carry out internal improvement activities to help individuals and organizations to develop and change.
About 14,000 proposals are registered and improvements are made based on them every year, causing an improvement effect of KRW 90 billion. Every half year, a 'Company Suggestion King' is selected and rewarded, and the 'Factory Suggestion King' is awarded every month to encourage active participation from executives and employees.
ㅣ Unit: Cases Number of ‘Idea Bank’ Registrations (Cumulative) 11,539 2020 12,167 2021 13,154 2019 ㅣ Unit: Cases Number of Registrations for the Suggestions System 11,671 2020 14,691 2021 14,885 2019. 
I think. 
Let us know your ideas.
Customers think. 
Discussions with customers can also be a great idea.
We think. 
What is your opinion?


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 87 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Discovering Startups through ‘Dream Play’ and Securing Innovative Technology. 
LG Display is operating ‘Dream Play,’ a startup nurturing program. Our goal is to secure partners who will lead the future display industry together with LG Display. To this end, we are exploring startups with innovative technologies in the display field and provide support to participants of the program, including technical mentoring, a monetary subsidy for PoC* verification costs of less than KRW 100 million, and partnership opportunities for business cooperation and equity investment.
Since the program’s first introduction in 2018, we have selected and nurtured 13 companies in the 1st phase, 5 companies in the 2nd phase, and 4 companies in the 3rd phase. We succeeded in cooperating with these selected companies, making equity investments and joint development efforts in new technologies beneficial for current business models and next generation display technologies. In January 2022, LG Display conducted a comprehensive evaluation on market value and expected synergy effects and selected an additional 4 companies for the 4th phase. We expanded the fields of eligibility this time to include a wider range of applications, and the selected 4 startups were from various fields.
LG Display is working with a mentor department to produce PoC cooperation tasks to expedite cooperation not only in technology development but also in commercialization. To this end, we will continue providing support through various follow-up measures including jointly running customized nurturing programs with Gyeonggi Creative Economy Innovation Center and reviewing indirect and direct investments. Going forward, we will continue to support startups to grow through Dream Play and further expand opportunities that enable a win-win collaboration with startups.
* PoC (Proof of Concept): A process of proving that proof of concept, product, technology, information system, etc., can solve organization specific problems. It is used as a preliminary verification of new products that have not yet been released on the market.
Nurturing In-house Ventures through ‘Dream Challenge’ and Discovering New Growth Engines. 
LG Display is operating an in-house venture nurturing program called ‘Dream Challenge’ as a solution for early verification of new business portfolios with the aim to secure new growth engines, nurture creative tech entrepreneurs, and establish entrepreneurship culture. Program participants can receive unprecedented conditions such as autonomous operation, operating expenses support based on their proposed new business idea, exemption from work during the program period, compensation based on performance for in-house ventures, investment support for offshoot companies, and the ability to return to the company from the offshoot within 3 years if so desired.
After the program’s first introduction in 2018, 4 teams (12 people) in the first phase worked as in-house ventures, and the final two teams developed offshoot venture companies. With LG Display’s strategic investment, they successfully stabilized their business and have been showing continuous growth. 4 teams (10 people) of the second phase, selected through 'Dream Play’ in November 2020, completed prototype production and consumer (market) evaluation in the following year. One of these teams commercialized their prototype and another team became an offshoot, specializing in new market verification. We aim to create a virtuous cycle where employees freely propose creative ideas and the company offers environments to realize such ideas. To this end, we will continue to nurture the 'Dream Challenge' to explore new growth engines out of entrepreneurial spirit.
Dream Play Dream Challenge


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 88 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Customer Value Innovation. 
LG Display is striving to create new values and opportunities with customers based on our strengths and competitiveness. By responding in a timely manner to diverse customer needs and systematically managing customer pain points, we will continue customer value innovation activities.
Customer Value Innovation Activities. 
Under the core principle that the starting point and the end point of all business activities is the “customer,” LG Display sets the standard for all business and decision-making on the customer. For this, we are systematically implementing customer value innovation activities that clearly identify and improve customer difficulties and needs, and provide new customer experiences through preemptive suggestions.
First, in order to listen to the diverse voices of customers, the VOC collection route has been expanded from indirect channels through existing contact departments to channels that communicate directly with customers. Based on the VOC, we are continuously strengthening our competitiveness by identifying the customer's core “Pain Points” and establishing structural and systematic improvement plans.
In addition, we are building a virtuous cycle system of “customer experience innovation” that analyzes customers' future business strategies and detects changes in market trends at an early stage to discover the potential needs of customers. It also expands customer value through “Value Point” proposals where both companies can collaborate.
Customer Satisfaction Survey. 
LG Display has been conducting customer satisfaction surveys regularly since 2020 in order to objectively evaluate our current level from the customer's point of view. The survey evaluates customer satisfaction with the company and competitiveness compared to other companies, and the results are shared with the department in charge to identify and manage areas for improvement.
In 2021, a customer satisfaction survey was conducted for major customers (19 companies). The resulting score was 75.1, an improvement of 4.2% compared to 2020. This is most likely due to improvements to the inferior areas identified by the 2020 survey, and we are aiming for a better score for 2022 compared to the previous year.
Through customer satisfaction surveys, LG Display intends to find a direction for our company with a positive and open attitude.
72 75. 
Large-size 70 72. 
Medium-size 75 77. 
Small-size 67 73. 
Auto 69 74 2020 2021 ㅣ Unit : Points Customer Satisfaction Surveys. 
Company-wide. 
Customer Value Point Proposals. 
Customer Pain Point Improvements. 
Customer Experience Innovation ･ Building a strategic partnership that contributes to the future success of customers - Providing superior experiences and new values to customers - Strengthening alignment of future strategies with customers ･ Understanding customer strategies and business directions, differentiated value proposals based on change in market trends ･ Analyzing the root cause of customer pain points and establishing improvement plans


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 89 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
Economic Data. 
Financial Stability. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Assets KRW 1 billion 35,575 35,066 38,155. 
Liabilities KRW 1 billion 23,086 22,335 23,392. 
Capital KRW 1 billion 12,488 12,731 14,763. 
Financial Status. 
Tax Policy. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Trade Associations or Tax-free Organizations KRW 691,644,757 623,520,462 831,672,472. 
Lobby/Political Organization KRW 0 0 0. 
Contributions and Other Expenses. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Korea Display Industry Association KRW 220,000,000 268,000,000 240,000,000. 
Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry KRW 254,400,000 154,980,000 192,600,000. 
Korea Enterprises Federation KRW - 70,000,000. 
RBA KRW - 54,499,200. 
National Academy of Engineering of Korea KRW 50,000,000 50,000,000 50,000,000. 
Top 5 Policy Contribution Organizations * LG Display complies with the Korean Political Funding Law (Article 31), which prohibits companies from donating political funds. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Earnings before Taxes KRW 1 billion (3,344) (602) 1,719. 
Corporate Tax (Expense) KRW 1 billion (472) (526) 385. 
Effective Tax Rate % (*) (*) 22.42. 
Corporate Tax Expense Status * Effective tax rate cannot be calculated due to deficit in 2019 and 2020. 
Corporate Name Country Main Activities Sales (2021, KRW 1 million)
LG Display America, Inc. USA Selling Display Products 13,585,364. 
LG Display Germany GmbH Germany Selling Display Products 2,107,714. 
LG Display Japan Co., Ltd. Japan Selling Display Products 2,332,536. 
LG Display Taiwan Co., Ltd. Taiwan Selling Display Products 2,171,271. 
LG Display Nanjing Co., Ltd. China Manufacturing Display Products 1,892,179. 
LG Display Shanghai Co., Ltd. China Selling Display Products 934,122. 
LG Display Guangzhou Co., Ltd. China Manufacturing Display Products 3,371,505. 
LG Display Shenzhen Co., Ltd. China Selling Display Products 530,023. 
LG Display Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Selling Display Products 2,049,047. 
LG Display Yantai Co., Ltd. China Manufacturing Display Products 630,996. 
LG Display (China) Co., Ltd. China Manufacturing and Selling Display Products 2,175,878. 
LG Display Guangzhou Trading Co., Ltd. China Selling Display Products 1,535,452. 
LG Display Vietnam Haiphong Co., Ltd. Vietnam Manufacturing Display Products 2,592,983. 
LG Display High-Tech (China) Co., Ltd. China Manufacturing and Selling Display Products 2,817,308. 
Local Corporate Names, Major Activities and Sales Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Sales KRW 1 billion 23,476 24,262 29,878. 
Cost of Sales KRW 1 billion 21,607 21,626 24,573. 
Gross Profit on Sales KRW 1 billion 1,868 2,635 5,305. 
Operating Profit KRW 1 billion (1,359) (36) 2,231. 
EBITDA KRW 1 billion 2,336 4,098 6,731. 
Net Income before Corporate Tax (Loss) KRW 1 billion (3,344) (602) 1,719. 
Net Income (Loss) KRW 1 billion (2,872) (76) 1,334. 
Financial Status * LG Display does not generate sales through online sales platforms


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 90 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
R&D and Quality Management Economic Data Tax Policy Financial Stability Management Innovation Customer Value Innovation. 
R&D and Quality Management. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
R&D Expense KRW 1 million 1,776,289 1,738,559 2,126,764. 
R&D Spending as a Percentage of Sales % 7.6 7.2 7.1. 
R&D Investment. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Government Subsidies KRW 100 million 2,481.2 1,183.4 859.8. 
Government R&D Subsidies. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic New Acquisitions Cases 1,962 1,727 1,763. 
Cumulative Cases 19,626 21,350 23,109. 
Overseas New Acquisitions Cases 2,573 2,787 2,379. 
Cumulative Cases 25,309 28,002 30,380. 
Number of Patents. 
Customer Value Innovation. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Customer Satisfaction Score Points -72.1 75.1. 
Data Range % -80 80. 
Customer Satisfaction Measurement


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 91 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
APPENDIX. 
GRI Index 92. 
SASB Index 94. 
TCFD Report 95. 
Third-Party Verification Statement 100. 
Greenhouse Gas Verification Report 102 7. 
SECTION


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 92 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
GRI Index. 
GRI 102 : General Disclosures. 
Category Disclosure Description Page Note. 
Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of the Organization 7 102-2 Activities and Brands, Products and Services 7-12 102-3 Location of Headquarters 7 102-4 Location of Operations 7 102-5 Ownership and Legal Form 76 102-6 Market Served 7 102-7 Scale of the Organization 7 102-8 Information on Employees and Other Workers 7, 64-65 102-9 Supply Chain 39 See p.12 of the annual report 102-10 Significant Changes to the Organization and its Supply Chain -No major changes in the supply chain 102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach 77-78, 95-99 102-12 External Initiatives 2, 18 102-13 Membership of Associations 89. 
Strategy 102-14 Statement from Senior Decision-maker 5 102-15 Key Impacts, Risks and Opportunities 17, 77-78. 
Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, Principles, Standards and Norms of Behavior 53, 69-71 102-17 Mechanisms for Advice and Concerns about Ethics 69-71. 
Governance 102-18 Governance Structure 72-75 102-19 Delegating Authority 15, 72 102-20 Executive-level Responsibility for Economic, Environmental and Social Topics 15, 75 102-22 Composition of the Highest Governance Body and its Committees 72-75 102-23 Chair of the Highest Governance Body 72 102-24 Nominating and Selecting the Highest Governance Body 73, 75 102-26 Role of the Highest Governance Body in Setting Purpose, Values, and Strategy 15, 75 102-28 Evaluating the Highest Governance Body’s Performance 73 102-32 Highest Governance Body’s Role in Sustainability Reporting 15, 75. 
Category Disclosure Description Page Note. 
Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of Stakeholder Groups 18 102-41 Collective Bargaining Agreements 56, 66 102-42 Identifying and Selecting Stakeholders 18 102-43 Approach to Stakeholder Engagement 18 102-44 Key Topics and Concerns Raised 17-18. 
Reporting Practices 102-45 Entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements -See pp.39-40 of the 2021 fiscal year annual report 102-46 Defining Report Content and Topic Boundaries 2 102-47 List of Material Topics 17 102-48 Restatement of Information 63, 64, 81 102-49 Changes in Reporting 17 102-50 Reporting Period 2 102-51 Date of Most Recent Report 2 102-52 Reporting Cycle 2 102-53 Contact Point for Questions Regarding the Report 2 102-54 Claims of Reporting in Accordance with the GRI Standards 2 102-55 GRI Content Index 92-93 102-56 External Assurance 100-103. 
GRI 200 : Economic. 
Category Disclosure Description Page Note. 
Economic Performance 201-1 Direct Economic Value Generated and Distributed 81, 89 201-2 Financial Implications and Other Risks and Opportunities due to Climate Change 95-99. 
Procurement Practices 204-1 Percentage of Spending on Local Suppliers 39. 
Anti-corruption 205-2 Communication and Training about Anti-corruption Policies and Procedures 69-71 205-3 Confirmed Incidents of Corruption and Actions Taken 66. 
Tax 207-1 Tax Management 82


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 93 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
GRI 300 : Environmental. 
Category Disclosure Description Page Note. 
Materials 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 27-29 301-1 Materials Used by Weight or Volume 28, 33. 
Energy 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 20-21 302-1 Energy Consumption Within the Organization 32 302-4 Reduction of Energy Consumption 21. 
Water 103-1 ,2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 24 303-3 Water Withdrawal 33 303-5 Water Consumption 24. 
Emissions 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 20-23 305-1 Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) 20, 32 305-2 Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 2) 20, 32 305-3 Other Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 3) 20, 32 305-5 Reduction of GHG Emissions 20-21 305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), Sulfur Oxides (SOx) and Other Significant Air Emissions 22, 32. 
Waste 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 25-26 306-2 Management of Significant Waste-related Impacts 25 306-4 Waste Diverted from Disposal 26, 33 306-5 Waste Directed to Disposal 26, 33. 
Environmental Compliance 307-1 Non-compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations 31 See p.319 of the business report. 
Supplier Environmental Assessment 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 39-46 308-2 Negative Environmental Impact in the Supply Chain and Actions Taken 40-41. 
GRI 400 : Social. 
Category Disclosure Description Page Note. 
Employ 401-1 New Employee Hires and Employee Turnover 65 401-3 Parental Leave 50, 65. 
Occupational Health and Safety 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 35-38 403-1 Occupational Health and Safety Management System 35-36 403-2 Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment, and Incident Investigation 36 403-3 Occupational Health Services 37 403-5 Worker Training on Occupational Health and Safety 38 403-6 Promotion of Worker Health 37 403-7 Prevention and Mitigation of Occupational Health and Safety Impact Directly linked by Business Relationships 36-38 403-9 Work-related Injuries 63 403-10 Work-related Ill Health 63. 
Training and Education 103-1, 2, 3 Important Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 47-49 404-1 Average Hours of Training per Year per Employee 65 404-2 Programs for Upgrading Employee Skills and Transition Assistance Programs 48-49 404-3 Percentage of Employees Receiving Regular Performance and Career Development Reviews 65. 
Diversity and Equal Opportunity 405-1 Diversity of Governance Bodies and Employees 64, 72, 79 405-2 Ratio of Basic Salary and Remuneration of Women to Men 64. 
Human Rights Assessment 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 53-55 412-1 Operations that Have Been Subject to Human Rights Review or Impact Assessment 53 412-2 Employee Training on Human Rights Policies and Procedures 53, 66, 69. 
Local Communities 413-1 Operations with Local Community Engagement, Impact Assessments, and Development Programs 60-62. 
Supplier Social Assessment 103-1, 2, 3 Material Topics and Boundaries, Management Approach and Composition/Evaluation 39-46 414-1 New Suppliers that were Screened using Social Criteria 39-41 414-2 Negative Social Impacts in the Supply Chain and Actions Taken 40-41. 
Public Policy 415-1 Political Contributions 89. 
Customer Privacy 418-1 Substantiated Complaints concerning Breaches of Customer Privacy and Losses of Customer Data 59, 67


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 94 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
SASB Index. 
Topic Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Report Page. 
Product Security Approaches to identifying and addressing data security risks associated with products Discussion and Analysis N/A TC-HW-230a.1 Information Security and Personal Information Protection 58-59. 
Employee Diversity & Inclusion Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic composition of (1) management, (2) technicians, and (3) all other employees Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-330a.1 Social Data 64-65. 
Product Lifecycle Management Percentage of products by sales that contain IEC 62474 declarable substances Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-410a.1 --
Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting the requirements for EPEAT or equivalent registration Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-410a.2 --
Percentage of eligible products, by revenue, meeting ENERGY STAR criteria Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-410a.3 --
Weight and recycling rate of recovered end-of-life products and e-waste Quantitative Indicator Ton (T), % TC-HW-410a.4 Waste Discharge and Management 25-26. 
Supply Chain Management Percentage of Tier 1 supplier facilities audited in the RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or equivalent, by (a) all facilities and (b) high-risk facilities Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-430a.1 Supply Chain Management 41. 
Percentage of Tier 1 supplier nonconformities with (1) RBA Validated Audit Process (VAP) or equivalent and (2) (a) Priority nonconformities and (b) Relevant corrective actions for other nonconformities Quantitative Indicator % TC-HW-430a.2 Supply Chain Management 41. 
Material Sourcing Description of the management of risks associated with the use of critical materials Discussion and Analysis N/A TC-HW-440a.1 Supply Chain Management 41, 43-44


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 95 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
TCFD Report 1. Governance. 
Board Supervision of Climate Change-related Risks and Opportunities. 
In April 2021, LG Display established the ESG Committee, the highest decision-making body related to climate change, and set <Creation of Customer-based Eco-friendly Values> as a priority in the ESG environment area. The committee also examines the overall operation and direction of ESG including climate change. It consists of 4 external directors and 1 internal director (CEO) and holds regular meetings once every half year. First, the ESG Committee establishes basic policies and strategies for ESG management and approves mid- to long-term ESG goals. Second, the ESG Committee reviews submitted reports about the ESG business activity plan and implementation performance as well as matters related to the occurrence of and response to significant risks and making informed decisions.
The Role of Management in Assessing and Managing Climate Change-related Risks and Opportunities. 
LG Display's management is constantly reviewing climate change-related risks and opportunities. In particular, the CEO/chief officer of sustainability management oversees mid- to long-term greenhouse gas reduction targets and action plans (monitoring the level of target achievements, etc.) as well as climate change issues while the CEO/CFO supervises investment execution and fundraising for greenhouse gas reduction, emission rights trading and renewable energy conversion, etc. The management reports reviewed climate change-related matters to the ESG committee and incorporates decisions in business operation plans and policies. The ESG promotion plan was approved at the 1st ESG committee meeting held in October 2021, and the agenda includes 9 core ESG areas and tasks, the purchase of new and renewable energy through the green premium system, and issuance of green bonds.
･ ESG basic policy and strategy review/approval ･ Planning and implementation of ESG management activities andperformance checks. 
Decision-making Organization. 
Organizational Chart. 
ESG Committee. 
External Cooperation Manager. 
R&R. 
Management Meeting ･ ESG Management Agenda and Goal Setting ･ Discussion over task-related issues ･ ESG Strategy Team ･ ESG Supply Chain Team ･ ESG Environment Team ･ Establishment of company-wide ESG strategy and direction ･ Stakeholder communication and evaluation response ･ ESG Committee Secretariat. 
Task-executing Organization Environmental Technology Council. 
Task-executing Organization ･ Implementation/management of improvement tasks ･ IIntroduction of additional tasks ･ ESG task discovery and task execution ･ Environmental/Social risk monitoring. 
ESG Key Areas. 
Climate Response Resource Circulation Hazardous Substances. 
Product Respon-sibility Stakeholder Communication/ Transparent Information Disclosure Workplace Safety. 
Supplier Management Human Rights Management Human Capital


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 96 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report 2. Strategy. 
Climate Change-related Risks and Opportunities from Short-, Mid- and Long-term Perspectives. 
The Impact of Climate Change-related Risks and Opportunities on the Organization's Business, Strategic and Financial Plans. 
LG Display is proactively managing risks by detecting internal and external climate change risks and responding promptly. Parallel to our expanded global reach, we increased sales and secured more business opportunities with ESG investors following the successful reduction of greenhouse emissions.
Climate change-related risks and opportunities are divided into two types: transition risks/opportunities and physical risks/ opportunities. Transition risks include risks related to legal regulations, markets, reputation, etc. Since climate change puts a significant financial impact on the company, we are constantly monitoring related risks. Physical risks mainly affect the production and sales of the company because of financial risks following investment in old facilities and repairs.
Risk Type Time-frame Financial Impact Countermeasures Opportunity Factor. 
Transition Risk Policy/Regulation Short-term ･ Increase in the cost of purchasing emission permits ･ Increase in the cost of GHG Emissions Debt ･ Increase in carbon tax costs ･ Replacement of process gas with low GWP gas and investment in gas reduction facilities ･ Renewable energy conversion through green premium ･ Reduction of greenhouse gases through additional investment in reduction facilities through the sale of surplus emission permits. 
Technology Long- term ･ R&D cost increase for low-carbon technology and facility conversion ･ Development of low-power/carbon technology ･ Development of eco-friendly materials and parts ･ Securement and diversification of alternative resources. 
Market Mid- term ･ Declining sales in line with decreased product demand following a failure to meet consumer requirements ･ Development and expansion of eco-friendly products using lowcarbon technology ･ Increased access to new markets (purchasing renewable energy)
Repuation Long- term ･ Declining sales due to damaged reputation ･ Expanded disclosure of internal and external eco-friendly information (activity and performance) ･ Implementation of green finance (issuance of green bonds, etc.) ･ Expansion of capital raising opportunities through investment attraction. 
Physical Risk Short-term Short-term ･ Reduced production capacity due to typhoons, floods, and droughts ･ Investment in wastewater reuse facilities ･ Reduction of water consumption through equipment and process improvement ･ Cost reduction through increased energy efficiency ･ Increased consumer preference driven by low-carbon energy use. 
Long- term Long- term ･ Damage and decrease in value of tangible assets such as buildings, factories, and machinery ･ Increased operating and capital costs ･ Energy efficiency through diagnosis of workplace facilities and processes ･ Steam supply using waste incineration heat


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 97 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
Risk type Scenario Type 2℃ Scenario. 
Transitional Risk IEA 2DS. 
IEA B2DS 1. [Reason for scenario application, organizational boundary]
LG Display currently mainly uses process gas and electricity, which account for more than 99% of total emissions. Considering the current Korean policy concerning process gas, the officially recognized reduction efficiency is up to 90%, and we have no N2O reduction technology. As renewable energy made up 6.4% of the nation's total power generation as of 2020, we adopted IES B2DS to cover IEA 2DS and the greenhouse gas reduction policy to a large extent based on technology that can reduce the largest amount of gas reduction.
LG Display considered the greenhouse gas emission reduction scenario for both domestic and overseas business sites (Scope 1 + Scope 2) as an industry. We excluded Scope 3 as it was less than 40% of the total emissions based on the SBTI.
2. [Input information, assumptions, and analysis method]
We made projections on the emission amount generated until 2050 based on the recorded emissions in 2018-2021 from domestic and overseas plants, the display industry production CAGR (applied CAGR of ’18-’22), and the basic 2020 LCD and OLED units (emissions/production area). We assumed that production-related LCD production will be put on hold in 2030 and OLED production volume will increase. We conducted this analysis based on assumptions that NF3, which is not included in the six largest greenhouse gases in Korea, will be included in the greenhouse gas range from 2026 according to the national policy and a national project for greenhouse gas emission reduction in the semiconductor and display industry would be substantially realized by 2050.
In the reduction process, yearly F-Gas reduction efficiency and N2O reduction efficiency were applied for Scope 1, and multiple renewable energy conversion methods (REC, PPA, etc.) were applied for Scope 2.
Scenario analysis was performed in consideration of linear regression analysis, reduction potential, and growth rate. As a result, we confirmed that our reduction target is feasible and the SBTI 2°C scenario goal can be achieved. LG Display has ultimately set the goal of reducing emissions by 40% by 2030 and 90% by 2050 compared to emissions in 2014.
3. [Strategy impact and examples]
The reduction target based on the scenario was included in the sustainability report and quarterly report, and to reduce F-gas, we invested a total of 40 billion won from 2015 to 2021, and we plan to continuously make investments into achieving our reduction plan going forward. LG Display also leveraged the Green Premium system to 100% replace the electricity used in the entire office. With the gradual increase in environmental awareness on renewable energy, consumers and companies are increasingly seeking eco-friendly, low-carbon products. We are implementing SGS Eco Labels and TUV certifications to take a lead in responding to the growing demand for eco-friendly products by monitoring the power consumption of each product. In addition, selling off low-efficiency facilities is reflected in the mid- to long-term business plan, and R&D costs for developing low power consuming products are always reflected in our budget plan.
Physical Risk RCP4.5 (Representative. 
Concentration Pathways)
As the global demand for a low-carbon transition is intensifying, stakeholder demands for carbon neutrality are increasing.
LG Display analyzed emissions based on the RCP4.5 scenario (where the greenhouse gas reduction policy is substantially realized) by taking into account the current reduction technology level and the carbon-neutral national project (National Display Industry Greenhouse Gas Reduction Policy by 2050).
In order to predict changes in temperature and precipitation, future changes in greenhouse gas concentrations must be predicted through RCP scenarios.
The Korea Meteorological Administration used the RCP greenhouse gas concentration forecast of the IPCC to come up with a detailed climate change scenario specific to South Korea (1km).
For the detailed climate change scenario specific to South Korea, a statistical refinement model (PRIDE) was used. If the current greenhouse gas emission trend is maintained, the temperature is expected to rise by 5.3℃ compared to the present (1981~2010) in the second half of the 21st century (2071~2100). However, according to the RCP4.5 scenario, temperatures are expected to rise below 5.3℃. To prevent precipitation and temperature increase, LG Display has identified items that can save energy by leveraging high-efficiency facilities, understanding facility and manufacturing processes as well as the structure of energy use and consumption, and we are carrying out reduction activities accordingly.
The Effect on Organizational Strategy and Financial Plans in the Case of Various Climate Change Scenarios Such as a 2℃ Temperature Increase


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 98 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report 3. Risk Management. 
Organizational Process for the Identification and Assessment of Climate-related Risks. 
Organizational Process for Climate Change-related Risk Management. 
LG Display lists internal and external risk factors based on global trends (COP, carbon tax, etc.), management and stakeholder surveys, and global compliance program evaluation criteria.* We identify and evaluate key risks according to their financial and business impacts and establish a corresponding prevention and management system. In order to comply with excessive environmental laws and regulations, we have hired professional technicians in each field, and organized our own diagnosis organization to manage compliance risks in the environmental field, and periodically review domestic and overseas corporations for legal compliance and risk status. The head of the relevant department reviews requirements and legal standards and establishes and implement an environmental management plan if significant risks are found in the environmental impact assessment before carrying out new businesses, due diligence, mergers and acquisitions.
* U.S. Department of Justice Corporate CP Evaluation Standard, ISO 37301 (Revised in 2021) Fair Trade Commission Voluntary Compliance Program Detailed Evaluation Index. 
Major risks of climate change include transition risks and physical risks. LG Display classified risks into primary and secondary risks and manages them accordingly. First, the climate response department under the external cooperation department reviews risks related to climate change establishes/implements countermeasures and carries out risk monitoring under an environmental technology consultative body. The department in charge of second-level compliance monitoring conducts a risk check list and self-assessment sheet once a year and identifies and evaluates related risks. Risk review targets are reviewed at least every six years, and climate change-related evaluations and monitoring results are reported to the chief sustainability management officer, while major issues affecting business strategies and finances are reported as an agenda for the ESG committee where major matters are put to a vote. Going forward, we will respond to climate change risks by establishing a monitoring and evaluation system to efficiently manage the company-wide impact of climate change risks.
Risk Management Process. 
Identification of climate change risk factors and setting priorities. 
Identification of Crisis Factors 1. 
Review of Financial Impact following climate change risks and opportunities. 
Calculation of Financial Impact 2. 
Implementation of Company Strategy 4. 
Establishment of Countermeasures 3. 
Decision-making in line with companywide strategy and implementation of countermeasures. 
Establishment of strategies for responding to climate change


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC 99. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report 4. Metrics & Targets. 
Indicators and Greenhouse Gas Emissions Used to Assess Climate Change-related Risks and Opportunities. 
LG Display continuously manages domestic and overseas greenhouse gas emissions as well as the amount of energy consumption and reduction to respond to climate change and achieve carbon neutrality. We have set mid- to long-term targets which we are striving to achieve.
Scope1,2 GHG emissions. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Scope 1 tCO2eq 2,918,712 2,073,959 1,967,656. 
Scope 2 tCO2eq 2,966,752 2,674,248 2,816,059. 
Overseas Scope 1 tCO2eq 45,766 107,219 123,850. 
Scope 2 tCO2eq 1,911,573 1,889,367 2,128,418. 
Sub Total Scope 1 tCO2eq 2,964,478 2,181,178 2,091,506. 
Scope 2 tCO2eq 4,878,325 4,563,615 4,944,477. 
Greenhouse Gas Reduction. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Reduction tCO2eq 1,205,337 1,436,426 1,708,567. 
Greenhouse Gas Reduction Goals and Related Performance in Climate Change Risk Management and Opportunities 1) Reduction of 90% by 2050 Compared to Emissions in 2014 Based on Business Sites In order to continuously reduce greenhouse gas emissions, LG Display aims to reduce its emissions by 40% compared to 2014 by 2030 as a mid-term goal, and as a long-term goal, we set a target of 90% reduction by 2050 compared to 2014. In 2021, 1.71 million tCO2eq was reduced by investing in fluorination gas reduction facilities and company-wide power reduction. In order to achieve the greenhouse gas reduction target, we will promote activities such as ▲actively participating and responding to government policies related to climate change, ▲reducing the amount of process gas used in production equipment, ▲additionally investing in process gas reduction facilities and developing and applying high efficiency (reduction efficiency of 95% or more) emission reduction technology for process gas, ▲developing and applying low-power production equipment/utility technology, as well as ▲continuously developing eco-friendly products.
2) Introduction of Renewable Energy LG Display is in the process of converting to renewable energy in Korea and overseas, and purchased 57.2GWh through a green premium bidding in 2021, which is 100% of the the amount of energy required to run electricity for all office buildings in domestic business sites. In 2022, our plan is to convert 1,096GWh (which is 19 times more than 57.2GWh) to renewable energy through domestic green premium and overseas REC purchases. In the future, LG Display will take into account the quantity/unit price (cost effectiveness). of renewable energy to select between green premium* and REC** in the short term. In the mid- to long-term, we will accelerate the transition to new and renewable energy by participating in equity investment*** through PPA**** contracts and external partnerships.
* Green Premium: A system in which renewable energy is purchased by paying a premium to the existing electricity rate under the supervision of KEPCO ** REC (Renewable Energy Certificates): Purchase of renewable energy certificates hosted by the Korea Energy Agency (indirect purchase system) *** Equity investment: A company invests a certain amount in a renewable energy power generation business and procures electricity + renewable energy certificates through a separate contract **** PPA (Power Purchase Agreement): Renewable energy direct purchase contract system between power generation companies ↔ purchasing companies (long-term agreement)
Energy Use in Business Sites. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Domestic Business Sites Direct Energy LNG TJ 1,172 1,065 1,534. 
Other TJ 192 149 144. 
Indirect Energy Electricity TJ 61,064 55,042 58,828. 
Steam TJ 348 412 421. 
Sub Total TJ 62,776 56,668 60,927. 
Overseas Business Sites Direct Energy LNG TJ 356 412 422. 
Other TJ 2 55 75. 
Indirect Energy Electricity TJ 8,562 9,404 10,491. 
Steam TJ 178 130 137. 
Sub Total TJ 9,097 10,001 11,124. 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions. 
Category Unit 2019 2020 2021. 
Employee Business Trips* tCO2eq 3,386 1,808 1,913. 
Transportation of Products** Shiipment tCO2eq 2,087 1,323 2,482. 
Import tCO2eq 904 705 745. 
Purchased Products & Services*** tCO2eq 257,712 208,591 210,912. 
Processing of Sold Products**** tCO2eq 32,946 20,500 7,744. 
Sub Total tCO2eq 297,035 232,927 223,797 * Employee Business Trips: Calculation of greenhouse gas emissions generated in the process of travel (air, vehicle) for domestic employee business trips (methodology_distance-based calculation method) ** Transportation of Products: Calculation of greenhouse gas emissions generated in the logistics process of domestic business sites for imported/shipped products (methodology_distance-based calculation method) *** Purchased Products & Services: Calculation of emissions of 36 domestic partners of LG Display that have received carbon partnership certification (methodology_supplier data collection calculation method) **** Processing of Sold Products: GHG emissions are calculated through LG Electronics' emission factor per cost (methodology_cost-based calculation method) ※ Calculated through the calculation method suggested by the CDP.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 100 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
Third-Party Verification Statement. 
Introduction and objectives of work. 
BSI Group Korea (hereinafter "the Assurer") was asked to verify LG Display’s 2021-2022 Sustainability Report (hereinafter “the Report"). This assurance statement applies only to the relevant information contained in the scope of the assurance.
LG Display is solely responsible for all information and assertion contained in the report. The responsibility of the assurer is to provide independent assurance statement with expert opinions to LG Display’s executives by applying the verification methodology and to provide this information to all stakeholders of LG Display.
Assurance Standards and Levels. 
This assurance was based on the AA1000AS v3 (2020) Assurance Standard and confirmed that the report is prepared in accordance with the Core Option of GRI Standards. The assurance level was based on the Type 1 that confirmed compliance with the four principles of AA1000 AP (2018) in accordance with the AA1000 AS and the Type 2 assurance that verified the quality and reliability of the information disclosed in the report. The Type 2 assurance was applied to the following disclosure of the GRI Specific Topic Standards related to material topics: ･ GRI 300(Environmental): 302-1, 303-3, 303-5, 305-1~3, 305-7, 306-5 ･ GRI 400(Social): 403-9, 405-2. 
Scope of Assurance. 
The scope of assurance applied to this report is as follows; ･ Based on the period from January 1st to December 31st, 2021 included in the report ･ Appropriateness and consistency of processes and systems for data collection, analysis and review ･ Major assertion included in the report such as sustainability management policies, strategies, objectives, business and performance ･ Information related to material issues determined as a result of materiality assessment ･ The following items were not included in this assurance - Financial information, SASB Index and TCFD report included in the report appendix - Other related additional information such as the website presented in the report. 
Methodology. 
As part of its independent assurance, the assurer has used the methodology developed to collect relevant evidence to comply with the verification criteria and to reduce errors in the reporting, and has performed the following activities; ･ To determine verification priorities, review of materiality issue analysis process and verification of the results; ･ System review for sustainability strategy process and implementation; ･ Review the evidence to support the material issues through interviews with senior managers with responsibility for them; ･ Verification of data generation, collection and reporting for each performance index. 
Assurance Opinion. 
On the basis of our methodology and the activities described above, it is our opinion that ･ The information and data included in LG Display`s Sustainability Report are accurate and reliable and the assurer cannot point out any substantial aspects of material with mistake or misstatement.
･ The report was prepared according to the Core option of the GRI Standards ･ The assurance opinion on the four principles presented by the AA1000 AP (2018) is as follows.
AA1000 AP (2018)
Inclusivity: Stakeholder Engagement and Opinion LG Display divided stakeholders into customers, employees, shareholders/investors, local communities, suppliers and government/NGO, and has communication channels and processes to implement stakeholder engagement program. They have communication channels for each group and collect opinions. Also, 22 issues were derived by analyzing international standards/norms, analyzing media, and surveying to identify stakeholder issues, and it was confirmed that derived material issues are reflected in decision-making on sustainability management.
Materiality: Identification and reporting of material sustainability topics LG Display identified materiality for issues by analyzing stakeholder interest and business impact on the 22 issues derived. As a result, the material issues of 10 topics were selected.
Impact: Impact of an organization's activities and material sustainability topics on the organization and stakeholders LG Display strives to establish processes to monitor, measure, assess and manage the impact of organizational activities for more effective decision making and management. Identified impact could be integrated into stakeholder engagement and periodic importance assessment processes to inform organizational governance, strategy, goal setting and operations, thereby increasing informed decision making and responsiveness. In addition, the impact determined by each key issue from a sustainability topics are disclosed in the report.
Responsiveness: Responding to material sustainability topics and related impacts LG Display establishes and implements a response plan for each issue to appropriately respond to the derived core issues that reflects the expectations of stakeholders, and discloses detailed response activities and performance for them through the report.
To: The Stakeholders of LG Display Co., Ltd.


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 101 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
Key areas for ongoing development. 
To the extent that the results of the verification are not affected, the following comments were made.
･ In order to understand stakeholder issues, a wide range of topics are included in the pool in the context of sustainability, but it is necessary to strengthen external stakeholder participation and issue selection criteria so that various stakeholder issues in the industry can be clearly reflected.
･ It may be helpful to strengthen the Disclosure of the activities, achievements and plans of ESG committees within the governance structure to sustainability management.
･ It may be helpful to conduct a double-materiality assessment that considers how the organization's ESG performance and ESG plans affect the environment and society and the characteristics of the reporting organization by industry.
･ We recommendation that in future the report should provide clearer information on how the business growth strategy impacts on the 10 main sustainability issues identified and the LG Display's plans to manage these linkages.
Statement of independence and competence. 
The assurer is an independent professional services company that specializes in Quality, Health, Safety, Social and Environmental management with almost 120 years history in providing independent assurance services. No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with LG Display.
We have conducted this verification independently, and there has been no conflict of interest. All assurers who participated in the assurance have qualifications as AA1000AS assurer, have a lot of assurance experience, and understand the BSI Group's assurance standard methodology.
Evaluation against GRI ‘In Accordance’ Criteria. 
The assurer confirmed that this report was prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards Core Option and the disclosures related to the following Universal Standards and Topic-specific Standards Indicators based on the data provided by LG Display.
[Universal Standards] ･ Organizational Profile: 102-1~102-13 ･ Strategy: 102-14~15 ･ Ethics and Integrity: 102-16~17 ･ Governance: 102-18/19/20/22/23/24,26/28/32 ･ Stakeholder Engagement: 102-40~102-44 ･ Reporting practice: 102-45~102-56 ･ Management Approach: 103-1~103-3 [Topic-specific Standards] ･ Economic: 201-1~2, 204-1, 205-2~3, 207-1 ･ Environmental: 301-1, 302-1, 302-4, 303-3, 303-5, 305-1/2/3/5/7, 306-2/4/5, 307-1, 308-2 ･ Social: 401-1/3, 403-1/2/3/5/6/7/9/10, 404-1~3, 405-1~2, 412~2, 413-1, 414-1~2, 415-1, 418-1 13 July 2022. 
BSI Group Korea, Managing Director S. H. Lim


LG Display Sustainability Report 2021-2022 102 OVERVIEW SUSTAINABILITY MANAGEMENT APPENDIX ENVIRONMENTAL SOCIAL GOVERNANCE ECONOMIC. 
TCFD Report SASB Index GRI Index Third-Party Verification Statement Greenhouse Gas Verification Report. 
Greenhouse Gas Verification Report ㅣ Unit: ton CO2-e/yrr. 
Scope3 Category Purchased Goods and Services Business Travel Transport-ation and distribution Processing of Sold Products Total Emissions. 
Annual Emissions 210,912 1,913 3,227.21 7,744 223,796. 
Verification Objective. 
LG Display’s 2021 Scope 3 GHG Emissions ･ Scope 3 GHG emissions for purchased goods and services, business travel, downstream transportation and distribution, processing of sold products.
Verification Scope. 
The scope of this verification is the annual Scope3 GHG emissions related to purchased goods and services, business travel, downstream transportation and distribution, and processing of sold products at LG Display’s domestic business sites, and Scope 3 GHG emissions were calculated based on the activity data provided by LG Display.
Verification level. 
Limited Level of Assurance. 
Data Verified. 
LG Display’s annual Scope 3 GHG emissions related to purchased goods and services, business travel, downstream transportation and distribution, processing of sold products in domestic business sites in 2021 are as follows.
Verification Criteria and Protocol. 
The verification was performed at the request of LG Display using the following verification standards.
･ Guidelines for reporting and certification of emissions from the greenhouse gas emission trading system (Ministry of Environment Notice No. 2021-278) ･ The GHG Protocol of the WBCSD/WRI WBCSD/WRI Technical Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions (version 1.0) ･ BSI Greenhouse Gas Emission Verification Scheme. 
Verification Opinion. 
As a result of the verification in accordance with the standards listed above, it is the opinion of BSI that: • In conducting this verification, no visits to the verification target business site or verification of the authenticity of the data provided by LG Display were carried out. • This verification may be affected by limited factors such as the limitation of provided data, non-execution of on-site verification, and sampling. Due to the limitation of this verification, there is an unavoidable risk that important errors may not be found and exist. • I No material misstatement in the GHG emission calculations was detected, related records were maintained appropriately. • IThe data quality was considered corresponding to the international key principles for GHG emissions verification.
Issue: 07/07/2022. 
For and on behalf of BSI. 
Managing Director Korea, SeongHwan Lim


2021-2022 LG Display Sustainability Report