1. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2021 Performance. 
Frenchtown Villa/Elizabeth Woods. 
Michigan


2. 
Letter From Our Chairman 2021 was another exciting year of growth for Sun as we continue adding to our portfolio of high-quality, attainable housing, vacation, and marina properties. This was made possible by acquisitions like Safe Harbor Marinas in 2020 and the announcement of the Park Holidays acquisition completed in 2022.
As we grow, we view our responsibility and stewardship to the environment, as well as to our team members, communities, and all stakeholders with a stronger resolve than ever. We are pleased to demonstrate improvement in these areas by enhancing our Environment, Social, and Governance (ESG) disclosures to establish a baseline.
Part of this enhanced reporting includes utilizing the Taskforce for Climate Financial Disclosures (TCFD), a framework to help public companies and other organizations disclose climate-related risks and opportunities. The reporting process allowed us to identify opportunities to apply the approach to all aspects of ESG within our business. As a result, this report is structured around the TCFD recommendations of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management and Measurements to clearly highlight the interwoven nature of ESG.
Strategy and metric alignment were a focus for Sun in 2021 as we worked with Safe Harbor to better understand the operational needs of each other’s portfolios. Moving into 2022, we will continue this process of aligning and expanding ESG programs and disclosures, not only with Safe Harbor, but with the latest acquisition of Park Holidays.
Sun recognizes our team members and culture are the foundation to our success. To demonstrate our value for their contributions, we invested in various programs and benefits. These include the new Sun Minimum Wage, expanding volunteer opportunities, and programming to provide team members with purposeful ways to give back to their communities. It also builds camaraderie and further solidifies our commitment to ensuring inclusivity, diversity, equity and access within our company and industry by becoming a signatory of the CEO Action Pledge.
Looking back on 2021, we are proud of our many accomplishments and excited about Sun’s future. We are pleased in our achievements of enhancing our ESG disclosures and establishing a baseline to demonstrate Sun’s improvements. Our company remains committed to promoting ESG principles throughout all areas of our business and will continue to embrace sustainability practices to benefit everyone. Thank you for your continued confidence in us.
Gary A. Shiffman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sun Communities, Inc.


3. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Live the Golden Rule Treat others the way you want to be treated is a philosophy we don’t just practice – we live by it. The exceptional experiences we deliver wouldn’t be possible without understanding our impact on others. We always operate with respect, empathy, and consideration. It’s not just a suggestion, it’s our moral obligation.
Do the Right Thing We choose honesty and integrity in all our actions, making the best and most educated decisions we can. Sometimes doing the right thing is easy or popular, other times it isn’t. We don’t get sidetracked when things go wrong, and we don’t shy away from doing what is right.
We Over Me Our team works as a collaborative and collective unit. No one operates alone and we keep the whole team in mind when making decisions about individual work. We know that we need each other to produce an unmatched experience for our residents and guests. Even more important, we trust each other enough to sacrifice our own goals for those of the team.
Nothing Changes if Nothing Changes We don’t sit still for long because we are constantly transforming both our industry and our company. That means we are open and flexible, using what works now to develop what will work next. Even if it isn’t broke, we still make it better. Lots of people will say this has never been done – we say it hasn’t been done yet.
Mindset is Everything The guiding force behind all our actions is mindset. We can’t always decide what happens to us, but we can always decide how to handle it. Bad experiences don’t bring down our day because we learn, grow, and become resilient. We are successful because we choose to be, every day and every step of the way.
Keep it Simple Let’s not overcomplicate things. Can a different word explain your point more clearly? Use it. Can fewer steps streamline your work? Do it. We lead with what is the most important, shedding the complexity as we go. Simplicity isn’t effortless, but it does make things a bit easier.
Be Yourself & Thrive Diversity, Equity, Inclusion (DEI), and accessibility are at the heart of who we are and what we do. Our biggest competitive advantage is the variety of individual perspectives we all bring to Sun. We support and celebrate what makes us unique and create a space where we can all succeed.
Our Culture Statements


4. 
Table of Contents • Materiality • Affordable Housing • Team Members • Diversity, Equity, Inclusion • Supporting Our Communities • Suppliers & Sourcing • Environmental Resources & Impact • Safe Harbor Marinas • Park Holidays UK 
• Safety • Cybersecurity • Learning & Development • Climate Impact • Reputation Management • Goals, Accomplishments & Targets • Performance Metrics • GRI • About Sun • Leadership • Policies & Procedures • Stakeholder Engagement • Industry Engagement • Frameworks & Third-Party Rating Systems. 
Strategy Pages 13-25. 
Opportunity & Risk Management Pages 26-32. 
Measurements Pages 33-41. 
Governance Pages 5-12


5. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Governance. 
Sun has integrated governance practices across our organization, and we share the methods for providing oversight and structure in this section. As a company, we feel an obligation to do the right thing regarding important issues like the environment, as well as our social and business behavior.


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 6. 
About Sun. 
Our company is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in Southfield, Michigan. As of December 31, 2021,
Sun had 602 properties across 39 U.S. states; Ontario, Canada; and Puerto Rico.
The nation’s premiere owner and operator of manufactured housing (MH) communities.
Offers recreational vehicle (RV) sites, tent camping, and vacation rentals with world-class amenities throughout the U.S. and Ontario, Canada.
The largest and most diversified marina owner and operator in the U.S.
125* Marinas 45,155 wet slips & dry storage spaces 19% of rental revenue 179 RV Resorts | 37,833 Annual RV Sites 31% of rental revenue 298 MH Communities | 106,007 MH Sites 50% of rental revenue *Does not include five marinas managed by third parties.


7. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
We have integrated governance practices within our entire company. As part of Sun’s corporate governance, our board of directors are responsible to our stakeholders for the oversight of the company. They are also involved in guidance and strategic direction, as well as objectives and risk management activities of the organization. The implementation of new initiatives, plus the refinement of our ESG-related reporting and materials is overseen by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (NCGC). We believe in maintaining transparency and strong governance based on the highest ethical standards. It is the role of the board of directors at Sun to make decisions for our stakeholders. They work with leadership to guide and manage policies, direction, objectives, and risk management activities.
7. 
Leadership. 
Research & Development Center. 
Michigan


8. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
GARY A. SHIFFMAN, 67 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Sun Communities, Inc. Director Since: 1993 Committee Membership. 
TONYA ALLEN, 49 President of the McKnight Foundation Director Since: 2021. 
MEGHAN G. BAIVIER, 42 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Easterly Government Properties, Inc. Director Since: 2017 Committee Membership. 
STEPHANIE W. BERGERON, 68 President and Chief Executive Officer of Bluepoint Partners, LLC Director Since: 2007 Committee Membership. 
E
A N. 
N
A N. 
BRIAN M. HERMELIN, 56 Co-founder and Managing Partner of Rockbridge Growth Equity LLC Co-founder and General Partner of Detroit Venture Partners, LLC Director Since: 2014 Committee Membership. 
A Audit Committee. 
C Compensation Committee. 
N NCG Committee M MH Finance Committee Chair. 
Member E Executive Committee. 
A C. 
RONALD A. KLEIN, 64 Principal of JK Ventures LLC Director Since: 2015 Committee Membership. 
CLUNET R. LEWIS, 75 Lead Independent Director, Sun Communities, Inc. Retired attorney and businessman Director Since: 1993 Committee Membership. 
ARTHUR A. WEISS, 73 Attorney and Chairman, Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, Professional Corporation Director Since: 1996 Committee Membership. 
A C. 
E M. 
C N E M. 
I
N. 
D
E. 
P
E. 
N
D. 
E
N. 
T
A Audit Committee. 
C Compensation Committee. 
E Executive Committee. 
N Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee. 
M Manufactured Housing Finance Committee. 
Member. 
Chair. 
The board met 8 times in 2021. 
All directors attended at least 75% of board and applicable committee meetings. 
Increased female directors to 3 of 8. 
Board of Directors


9. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 9. 
Policies & Procedures. 
Sun is committed to governance and transparency throughout our business. We have developed policies and procedures to foster corporate governance at the highest standards of transparency and ethical conduct.
Governance Policies. 
You can publicly find Sun’s governance policies on our corporate Sun Communities website investor relations page. These policies include: • Anti-Hedging Policy • Charters for Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Executive Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee • Code of Conduct and Ethics • Corporate Governance Guidelines • Executive Compensation Clawback Policy • Financial Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers • Human Rights and Labor Policy • Occupational Health and Safety Policy • Stock Ownership Guideline • Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Research & Development Center. 
Michigan https://www.suncommunities.com/investor-relations/


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Sun is committed to engaging stakeholders across our organization and throughout the broader communities in which we operate. Continual engagement with our team members, residents and guests, shareholders, and local communities is paramount to our success.
Local Communities Community engagement is what helps make Sun so successful. We actively participate in the broader communities in which we operate through our Sun Unity Program.
Residents and Guests Our company values feedback from residents and guests to improve the services offered at our communities, resorts, and marinas. We engage with them through community events, one-on-one daily interactions, newsletters, NPS surveys, and email communications.
Team Members We engage, gather feedback from, and communicate with our team members through various channels. These channels include conducting satisfaction surveys and one-onone meetings with leaders. We maintain an anonymous hotline and online portal to report concerns, issues, or violations of our strict code of conduct, company policies, or laws, without fear of retaliation.
Shareholders Our continuous engagement with our shareholders through quarterly earnings calls, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, proxy statements, press releases, investor conferences, and our annual shareholder meeting provides transparency. Shareholder feedback is encouraged and shared with our board of directors, and in turn may be considered in our governance practices and strategic decisions.
10. 
Stakeholder Engagement. 
Sun Retreats Wild Acres. 
Maine


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 11. 
We believe in the power of alliance when it comes to making progress within our industry – that together is better. Sun participates in the following national organizations: • National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) • Manufactured Housing Institute (MHI) • RV Industry Association (RVIA) • National Association of RV Park & Campgrounds (ARVC) • Association of Marina Industries (AMI) • American Boat Builders & Repairers Association (ABBRA)
Additionally, Sun participates in various local and state organizations dedicated to the MH, RV, and marina industries.
Industry Engagement. 
Sun Outdoors Petoskey Bay Harbor. 
Michigan


12. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Frameworks & Third-Party Rating Systems. 
Sun utilizes globally accepted protocols to develop comprehensive programs that address the wide reach of ESG issues in our company, industry, and communities.
As part of our checks and balances process, Sun voluntarily participates in third-party rating assessments. The process of completing each framework is valuable in identifying the strengths of Sun’s ESG initiatives and identifying opportunities for improvement.
Frameworks and Protocols. 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI): a globally accepted framework for reporting ESG performance of an organization.
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: a globally accepted protocol regarding accountability for greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions associated with an organization.
Taskforce for Climate Financial Disclosures (TCFD): a guiding framework that establishes common principles for how companies and other organizations should provide information on the risks and opportunities associated with climate change.
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): 17 interlinked global goals designed to be a “blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.”
ISO 14001: an environmental management system that exists to help organizations minimize how their operations negatively affect the environment; comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other environmentally oriented requirements; and continually improve in the above.
Voluntary Rating Assessments. 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP): a non-profit that runs the global disclosure system for organizations to manage environmental matters such as GHG emissions, water use and climate change strategies.
Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB): an industry benchmark for real estate and infrastructure investments across the world.
S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA): an evaluation of companies’ sustainability practices that focuses on criteria that are both industryspecific and financially material.


Strategy. 
We share our process for identifying and prioritizing ESG programs in this section. This is highlighted through Sun’s engagement with stakeholders and needs assessments.
Country Lakes South Carolina


14. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Climate Change Talent Management. 
Water Usage. 
Labor Practices. 
Resident & Guest. 
Relations. 
Waste Management. 
Other Issues. 
Community Relations • Energy Management • Renewable Energy. 
Portfolio • Green Building • DEI/IDEA • Engagement • Hiring Practices • Team Member Learning & Development • Health and Safety • Withdrawal &
Consumption • Water Scarcity Concerns • Anti-harassment • Non-discrimination • Human Rights • Supply Chain • Health & Safety • Satisfaction & Experience • Landfill Amounts • Land • Biodiversity • Corporate Philanthropy. 
Materiality. 
RV: Human/Nature Interactions. 
Marina: Coastal and Marine Conservation. 
Manufactured Home Communities: Attainable Housing. 
Enterprise Risk Management. 
The responsibility of enterprise risk management (ERM) is shared across our board of directors. Our committee for ERM is a team comprised of executive and senior leaders that report to the board of directors. Objectives for ERM ensure the following: • Identify, prioritize, monitor, and mitigate significant risks • Increase awareness of risks and opportunities • Protect and organize assets, people, customers, and business partners • Promote sustainability. 
ESG Steering Committee. 
In 2021, the ESG Steering Committee was established to align initiatives and actions addressing and managing material issues. The committee is sponsored by our Chief Financial Officer and chaired by our Director of Sustainability. Committee members represent marketing, development, human resources, sourcing, safety, and our operations.
This committee meets quarterly to establish strategies related to material issues, discuss progress of initiatives, and ensure cross-functional collaboration. The chair provides updates to the ERM committee regarding initiatives and actions that align with ERM priorities.
Sun has established materiality at the entire portfolio level and within its operating segments. This approach allows us to develop portfolio-wide initiatives and commitments while also addressing material issues specific to any operating segments.


15. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 15. 
Our Commitment to Affordable and Sustainable Housing. 
Sun has a tremendous opportunity to be part of the solution for a widening need in the U.S. to provide high quality, yet affordable housing for both all-age and age-restricted populations.
Manufactured housing costs are up to 50% less per square foot than conventional, site-built homes. This expands the opportunity for residents to own their home despite an affordable housing gap that is increasing every year.
Riverside Club. 
Florida


16. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements $0.89 per sq. ft.
Manufactured Homes In Sun Communities Other Rental Options*
Price. 
Square Footage. 
Rent 1,250 per sq. ft.
$1,110 per month $1.86 per sq. ft.
1,000 per sq. ft.
$1,855 per month. 
VS.
Average cost of Single Family Home is $308,597 or roughly 7 years median income. 
Single Family Homes. 
Average cost of a new Manufactured Home is $87,000 or roughly 2 years median income. 
Manufactured Homes. 
Manufactured homes in Sun’s communities provide 25% more space at ~50% less cost per square foot.
* Other rental options include multi-family, single family and duplex two-bedroom rentals; Data per Zillow – U.S. Median Monthly Rent (Zillow rent index, December 2021).


17. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Team Members. 
Team Engagement and Retention. 
Without our team members, Sun could not offer the exceptional service and experience that our residents, guests and members have come to expect.
We are dedicated to enhancing their lives and well-being by recognizing their value through competitive benefits programs for our full-time and part-time team members.
To demonstrate their value, we introduced Sun Minimum Wage for team members at our MH and RV properties. This program went into effect July 1, 2021, ensuring hourly team members are paid a minimum of $14 per hour.
Team members were also eligible for length of service or position-specific differentials above the $14 minimum. We believe this is an important investment in our team members that will further enable them to provide a positive, vibrant, and meaningful lifestyle for themselves and their families.
Communication. 
The key to a successful team is good communication. Sun provides a broad range of channels for team members to interact with both their peers and the company at large. These channels include feeds within the company intranet to share accomplishments, a weekly update of news, and a platform to share suggestions or ideas that get reviewed by a dedicated team.
USA. 
AUG 2021-AUG 2022. 
Certified as a Great Place To Work®
Corporate Main Office. 
Michigan


18. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Commitment to Diversity, Equity,
Inclusion, and Accessibility. 
In early 2021, Sun created a multi-year road map for our DEI initiatives based on results from an extensive third-party assessment on our company culture and hiring practices.
In our first year of this journey, Sun:  Launched the IDEA (Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Accessibility) Council that was chaired by our Chief Financial Officer at the time and is now Executive Vice President special projects. This council is comprised of team members across the organization  Conducted training for our operations leadership focusing on methods to build and promote a healthy, inclusive culture within our workplace  Established new partnerships with organizations, as well as pilot groups of colleges and universities, that represent diverse talent  Utilized technology to review job postings for bias and gendered language, which can prevent reaching the desired diverse talent pool  Became a CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion Signatory. 
Corporate Main Office. 
Michigan


19. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Supporting Our Communities. 
Sun believes in making a positive impact in each community and the broader areas where we operate, seeking ways to lend our time and resources to others. We accomplish this through partnerships, corporate giving and matching, community events, scholarships, and volunteerism. In 2021, we proudly supported over 115 organizations across the U.S. and Canada. Sun team members increased volunteer hours over 400% from 2020 and provided over 5,600 hours to a wide range of causes.
Sun Unity Ambassador Program. 
In 2021, we launched the Sun Unity Ambassador Program. This initiative is aimed at empowering passionate team members across the organizations to serve as champions. It also extends the mission of Sun Unity to their local regions.
These team members focus on their impact through engagement with their peers, volunteerism, fundraising, and establishing relationships with charitable organizations in their community.
Military Adoption Program. 
Sun Outdoors Sarasota. 
ESG IN ACTION. 
At our Sun Outdoors Sarasota location, the local Sun Unity Ambassador established a partnership with the Humane Society of Sarasota County (HSSC) to sponsor adoptions for military veterans. This cause is important to both our Sun property team and supported passionately by our guests.
This adoption program provides military veterans and their families with a companion pet. These companion animals reduce stress and anxiety levels, mitigate depression, ease social reintegration, provide comfort, and restore confidence in affected veterans. Our support allows the HSSC to waive approximately 100 adoption fees for local service members in the community over a 12-month period.
Military Adoption Program | Humane Society of Sarasota County Sun Outdoors Sarasota - Florida


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 20. 
Suppliers and Sourcing. 
In 2021, Sun undertook a comprehensive assessment of our supplier partnerships and procurement processes to identify opportunities and risks within our supply chain. This assessment provided valuable insight into the needs of our diverse portfolio and opportunities to better leverage our needs and the supply base. It also established Sun's standard products, services, and processes.
This information allowed the team to develop supplier and sourcing strategies, maximizing the size and purchasing capabilities of Sun. The team was also creating a sustainable supply chain to accommodate our needs and geographic spread at the same time.
An initial step was to issue the Supplier Code of Conduct, which established the baseline expectations of what suppliers must meet to work with us.
Sun will continue these efforts and expand to include a comprehensive supplier management program. This program will be inclusive of supplier audits and business reviews throughout 2022 and beyond. Sun Outdoors Myrtle Beach. 
South Carolina


21. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Managing Environmental Resources and Impact. 
Resource Management Project Progress  MH Same Community Portfolio achieved 12% reduction in GHG emissions since 2019  RV Same Community Portfolio achieved 10% reduction in GHG emissions since 2019. 
In a survey conducted in mid-2021, our MH communities and RV Resorts reported:  95% utilize energy efficient products, including LED lighting and. 
Energy Star appliances  87% utilize programmable thermostats and/or sprinklers  56% have recycling for cans, paper, glass, and/or plastics  71% utilize practices to minimize water needs for landscaping, which include options like xeriscaping and the use of native plants. 
Resource Management Ongoing Efforts • We are increasing awareness of the impacts and opportunities for residents, guests, and members to be an active part of Sun’s reduction efforts through signage, outreach, and information in newsletters.
Waste • We work with our communities, resorts, and vendors to reduce total waste and increase the diversion from landfills.
• Sun works with a vendor to assist with determining disposal options for most of our MH communities and RV resorts. Through this partnership, we offer the most appropriate disposal options for the property including recycling when available.
• Some of our properties do receive municipal curbside pickup. We are working to identify options to calculate the amount of waste disposed at these locations.
Water • Sun is working to improve the monitoring and measurement of water consumption, including metering, while implementing measures to reduce irrigation and landscape water needs.
Renewable Energy • Over the next decade, our company intends to expand the use of renewable energy to meet the needs of our entire portfolio. This will be done through additional on-site generation, the purchase of off-site generated energy, and Renewable Energy Credits (REC).
• In 2021, Sun began generating energy from 13 on-site solar arrays. These arrays generated 1,235 MWH over the second half of 2021. By the end of 2022, we expect 14 additional arrays to be activated.
Over the past several years, Sun has piloted and implemented resource management projects across our portfolio. Our approach to resource management is to identify reduction opportunities and technology alternatives to achieve effective energy and water management.


22. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Managing Environmental Resources and Impact (Cont.)
Green Building Practices • Sun incorporates best practices for green building into our development and expansion efforts. This includes expanding the use of Energy Star manufactured homes, as well as energy efficient lighting and building control systems.
Plan-It Friendly Certification • Members of the National Association of RV Park and Campgrounds (ARVC) have the opportunity to certify RV resorts as a Plan-It Green Friendly Park. This recognition is part of the ARVC Plan-In Green Friendly Park Program.
• Resorts are evaluated on environmental practices and must meet at least nine of the 16 eco-friendly criteria to achieve this certification.
• All resorts at Sun Outdoors have achieved the required level of projects and programs to qualify as an ARVC Plan-It Green Friendly Park*.
• Sun has incorporated the eco-friendly criteria for the Plan-It Green Friendly. 
Park Program into the acquisition process for RV resorts. New acquisitions are expected to receive their certification within 12 months of the acquisition.
Acquisitions • Sun’s acquisition process includes Phase I Environmental Site Assessment (ESA), electrical inspections, private water and sewer engineering inspections, and floodplain assessments. For California properties, we also conduct Phase I Seismic Evaluations.
*Some new acquisitions are still in the process of receiving an ARVC membership. Upon receipt of this membership, the resort(s) will submit to be recognized as a Plan-It Green Friendly Park.
Energy Star. 
Manufactured Home


23. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
The opening of Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay in 2021 allowed us to demonstrate the integration of green building practices into a ground-up development.
Energy • 100% utilization of LED fixtures throughout the resort; reduced lighting energy consumption by 40% from non-LED fixtures.
• Utilization of solar powered lights for site markers. • Implemented a lighting control system that can reduce occupancy-based lighting by 20% through sensing and adjusting to available ambient light.
• Utilization of reflective glass for increased energy savings. • Installation of high efficiency tankless water heaters, which is estimated to reduce energy needs by 22% when heating water.
Landscaping • Over 95% of the plant species used at Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay are native to Southern California and the Baja region.
- Majority of plant species used are classified as low or very low water use; the remaining plant species are classified as medium water use with limited placement.
• Sun removed several acres of noxious invasive plant species in the surrounding buffer zone.
• A drip irrigation system is used across the property to reduce evapotranspiration.
Wildlife • Glass installed at angles that help reduce bird strikes. • Monitoring the property and neighborhood buffer zone for bird species. • Installation of bird spikes on all light poles and bird wire on the edge of all buildings for raptor management. These systems deter raptors from sitting in perches where they can easily attack native waterfowl.
Other • Built a central waste location with a compactor and recycling bins.
• Utilize recycled plastic furniture made by DuroGreen® for outdoor furniture needs.
Partnering with Living Coast Discovery Center. 
Located in the San Diego Bay National Wildlife Refuge next-door to Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay, the Living Coast Discovery Center is a non-profit zoo and aquarium on Sweetwater Marsh. Their mission is to inspire the community to connect with and care for our coastal environment. Through engaged conservation, they hope to achieve a thriving natural coast.
Sun continues to support the mission of Living Coast Discovery Center through volunteerism, financial contributions and in 2021, a grant to support the purchase of an ADA compliant guest shuttle bus to solve parking lot and access restrictions. Our guests at Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay enjoy discounted admission when visiting Living Coast Discovery Center.
ESG IN ACTION. 
San Diego Bay Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay - California. 
Sun Outdoors San Diego Bay. 
California


24. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 24. 
The addition of Safe Harbor Marinas allows Sun to continue expanding our diverse variety of outdoor hospitality experiences.
Members of Safe Harbor Marinas can enjoy a one-of-a-kind boating network with access to an unparalleled boating lifestyle.
Ballena Isle California. 
ESG Accomplishments • Engaged executive leadership to develop a corporate sustainability strategy and integrated that within the larger corporate vision and framework.
• Established an ESG Council at Safe Harbor Marinas that is responsible for sustainability governance and held three meetings to review and approve strategy development.
• Completed the first materiality assessment by surveying or directly engaging with team members, and environmental non-governmental organizations (NGOs) that specialize in coastal, marine, and estuary stewardship.
• Finalized the ESG framework that consists of three “pillars” to guide. 
Safe Harbor’s actions on material topics moving forward.
• Initiated a Rhode Island habitat restoration pilot program in 2022 by convening the Safe Harbor Coastal and Marine Stewardship Working Group along with an external Coastal Conservation Advisory Board to supervise the project.
• Began collecting data and measuring performance on key environmental and social indicators as required by global reporting frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), and Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB).


25. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Park Holidays UK. 
In April 2022, Sun added 40 owned and two managed communities in the United Kingdom through the acquisition of Park Holidays UK.
Throughout 2022, the ESG teams for Sun and Park Holidays UK will be working to integrate and align ESG reporting.
ESG Accomplishments • Provided strong customer management during the COVID-19 pandemic by offering flexible booking options, including full refunds and holiday deferrals. Despite the impact of COVID-19 and consistently high occupancy when open throughout the portfolio, the business maintained and improved its customer satisfaction scores.
• Introduced a Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) collections process in many properties, which also reduces penalties for general waste contamination.
• Committed to supporting Give Us Time, a charity that provides holiday accommodations to military families, facilitating rehabilitation and reconnection after long periods of separation away from home as a result of an active-duty status. We have pledged 100 holidays per year to help support them in their efforts.
• Increased recycling efforts through mattress and glass recycling programs.
Rye Harbor Holiday Park Lodges. 
UK


26. 
Sun Outdoors Garden City Utah. 
Utah. 
Opportunity & Risk Management. 
Assessing the potential impacts on our business is a key component of managing Sun’s ESG initiatives. Through this process, risks and opportunities that are unique to our business are identified to develop the appropriate responses our company must manage.


27. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
We strive to provide a safe and healthy work environment for team members at Sun. Our company complies with all applicable health and safety laws, regulations, and company-specific policies. Sun seeks to minimize health, safety, and environmental risks to our team members, residents, and the communities in which we serve by utilizing safe operating procedures, while having emergency plans in place if an incident occurs.
Safety training is provided annually to all team members. They may also receive additional training related to specific hazards or risks related to their responsibilities.
Senior leadership reviews safety concerns during regular site visits, which occur every 6-8 weeks. Annual comprehensive safety inspections are also conducted.
Sun is committed to employing a multi-reduced risk through a faceted approach to manage in-depth regulatory oversight and programs. We are continuing to expand these programs in 2022.
Sun Outdoors Rocky Mountains. 
Colorado. 
Providing a Safe Work Environment


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 28 28. 
ESG Steering Committee. 
Data Security and Cybersecurity. 
Sun is committed to protecting the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our technologies and information resources. This includes resident and guest data through appropriate levels of cybersecurity and governance. We utilize a layered and defense-in-depth approach to protect these resources by ensuring we have the right information architecture, controls, policies, processes, and ongoing cybersecurity awareness education in place.
To safeguard and protect against cyber-attacks, we have implemented numerous security measures that include multi-factor authentication, encryption, incident response planning, and continuous monitoring. We are constantly working to improve our security posture and continue investing in cybersecurity, technology, and education.
Our company strives to align our information security program with internationally recognized standards that include NIST 800-53 and ISO 27001 frameworks. Sun passed the ISO 27001 audit and is awaiting the issuance of our final certification.
Protecting Data and Information. 
Corporate Main Office. 
Michigan


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 29. 
ESG Steering Committee. 
Learning and Development. 
We believe our team members are our greatest asset. Sun is committed to investing in learning and career development opportunities through programing and conferences, as well as Sun University, our corporate training program. These efforts help promote career longevity and satisfaction.
Educational Programs. 
We are committed to investing in learning and career development opportunities for our team. This responsibility is achieved through the various programming, conferences and resources provided, as well as online learning to promote career longevity and value.
Online Expansive library of virtual training and resources which includes job-aids, toolkits, webinars, online courses, and certifications applicable to the industry. Team members can easily access consistent, high-quality training at any location, at their own pace.
On-site and In-Person Knowledgeable and dedicated leadership are committed to on-site training for new hires, acquisitions, and advancement. Job rotation, job shadowing, and on-site mentoring allow for a hands-on and individualized experience.
Career Development Through continued education, targeted training, engaging environments, and relationship building, we offer team members programs to enhance their skills and prepare them for career growth. Focused training areas include health and safety, as well as finances.
New Team Member Onboarding We provide custom learning experiences for new team members covering operations, leadership, and skill building activities that encourage collaboration. Each respective program varies in length and engagement type.
Corporate Main Office. 
Michigan


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 30 2021 Elevate Conference. 
Elevate is our bi-annual conference, last held in November 2021 in Orlando, Florida. It serves as a forum to unite our leaders and as a platform for our team members to further their knowledge and skills.
During this week-long event, attendees engaged in interactive courses covering topics such as diversity, equity, and inclusion, as well as safety, customer service and teamwork. Our executive leadership also shared our Culture Statements, and what those statements meant to them, during the Elevate Conference.
To ensure the safety of everyone at the Elevate Conference, Sun required negative COVID tests prior to attending. Attendees also took a rapid test upon arrival at the event location. Meeting room attendance was reduced with social distanced seating arrangements and indoor mask requirements.
We partnered with U.S. Hunger, formally known as Feeding Children Everywhere, to pack 124,956 meals that were distributed in Florida, Haiti, and via Full Cart, their virtual food bank.
Sun offset the 332 tons of carbon dioxide (CO2) that was created through travel, shipping, and event resource use.
ESG IN ACTION 2021 Elevate Conference Orlando, Florida 2021 Elevate Conference. 
Florida


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 31. 
Transitional Risks and Opportunities. 
Our company expects increasing policy and legal requirements for ground-up developments and expansions. We are preparing for an increase in required disclosures related to climate impact on our portfolio.
Sun anticipates the development of technologies that will reduce carbon emissions across our portfolio and are actively incorporating those options as they become available.
We are evaluating the impact that climate and climate-influenced weather may have on the markets we operate in, as well as the impact on residential and recreational demand.
Physical Risks and Opportunities. 
In 2021, we commissioned an analysis of climate-related risks to our assets inclusive of the Safe Harbor Marinas portfolio. Models were used to determine the risks of sea level rise, flooding, wildfire, water scarcity, cold and heat waves across time frames that include 2020, 2030, and 2050.
This risk analysis is the first step of a more comprehensive strategy revolving around our operations, climate, and biodiversity. In 2022, Sun will convene working groups to develop formal strategies around development, expansions, and retrofits of our operations that consider the risks and opportunities climate and nature present.
Climate Impact. 
Climate change poses a clear threat and challenge to the real estate sector, as buildings contribute up to 30% of annual global GHG emissions.
The impacts of climate change are material to the overall value of our company, as well as our ability to serve our residents, guests, employees, investors, and other stakeholders.
Sun is committed to reducing GHG emissions and improving the environmental performance of the properties within our portfolio.


Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 32. 
To help identify our strengths and areas of improvement, Sun uses NPS to create data based on resident and guest feedback. Customers are surveyed regularly, which begins with their move-in or check-in date, and again at various points throughout their stay with us.
Resident and guest feedback is received and addressed through other avenues that include social media engagement, as well as a phone line dedicated to resident and guest services. Our trained team members assist and escalate accordingly, allowing for a swift resolution.
Sun expanded its NPS survey in 2021 for new residents. These efforts now include a set of additional targeted questions that bring further clarity into their move-in experience, as well as identify potential areas of concern that are actionable by community leadership.
Our company and its residents should begin to experience the benefits from these informative new resident responses in 2022 and beyond. Sun is committed to excellence, value, and service, which creates a great atmosphere of friendly neighbors that become family.
Almost 12,000 reviews were received by Sun Outdoors in 2021 through various review channels, including Google, Facebook, TripAdvisor, Booking.com, and Yelp.
• Out of these 11,900 reviews, there were 8,134 reviews that received a 5-star rating, and another 1,607 reviews that received a 4-star rating.
• The average rating for Sun Outdoors in 2021 was a 4.2 out of 5 stars for the entire year.
Net Promoter Score (NPS) ReviewTrackers. 
El Capitan Canyon. 
California. 
Reputation Management. 
Providing extraordinary service to our residents and guests is a top priority at Sun. We believe the best way to achieve this is to listen to what our customers are saying about their experiences and take action in areas where we can improve.


33. 
Sun Outdoors Rocky Mountains. 
Colorado. 
Measurements. 
No strategy is complete without incorporating methods for measuring the success of that strategy. This section includes the goals and measurements that Sun is utilizing for assessing the success of our ESG strategy.


34. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Goal United Nations Sustainable. 
Development Goals 2021 Accomplishments 2022 Target. 
Increase ESG strategy and performance disclosures  Submitted responses to GRESB, DJSI and CDP  Established ESG Data collection and management process  Respond to GRESB, DJSI and CDP  Integration of Safe Harbor, Park Holidays, and. 
Jellystone into ESG Reporting  Establish short and long-term quantitative goals. 
Demonstrate commitment to sustainable business operations  Energy and water efficiency projects implemented at portfolio level  Activation of 13 solar arrays  Establishment of sustainable build standard for ground-up and expansion projects  Completion of 14 additional solar arrays. 
Increase leadership around core ESG risks and opportunities  Launch of ESG Steering Committee  Implement ISO 27001 for cybersecurity measures  Conduct board education around key ESG topics  Achieve ISO 27001 certification. 
Increase proactive outreach to investors surrounding ESG topics and concerns  More than 20 conversations with Investor regarding ESG related topics  Continue proactive conversations with investors. 
Climate Risk & Opportunity Management  Completion of climate risk assessment for sea level rise, flood, water stress, wildfire, heat and cold wave zones impact on portfolio  Development of short and long-term climate strategy. 
Enhance Team Member Well-being  Established a Sun Minimum Wage  Expanded Parental Leave  Continuation of Back to School program  Sunfit Program  Sun University Offerings  Promotion and educational opportunities for Sun's. 
Well-being Pillars (Financial, Social, Purpose, Physical, and Community)  Retention and engagement analysis.  Enhancements to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) to provide a more comprehensive offering  Continuing to monitor the evolving labor market to ensure our compensation and benefit programs remain competitive and attractive. 
Increase impact and engagement of SunUnity programming  Formed new partnerships with Camp Quality, Outdoor Afro and National Parks Foundation  Launched SunUnity Ambassador Program  440% increase in volunteer hours  100% team member engagement in volunteering  Provide opportunities for partners to utilize Sun facilities for events and outreach. 
Demonstrate commitment to Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility  IDEA-focused training offered at Elevate Conference  Joined CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion  Education Committee created within IDEA Council  Provide regular awareness and education materials to our team members around key DEI themes and topics. 
Integrate ESG into Supply Chain  Published Supplier Code of Conduct  Formalization of Supplier Program to include assessment of current supply chain, study of supply chain options and strategy. 
Goals, Accomplishments and Targets


35. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Board of Directors 2021 2020 2019. 
Independence 75% 60% 60%
Gender Diversity (Female) 38% 29% 29%
Age <50 50-64 >65 25% 25% 50% 14% 29% 57% 14% 29% 57%
Racial Diversity 14% NR NR. 
Average Tenure Years 15 15 14. 
Team Member Demographics 2021(1) 2020 2019. 
Total Positions filled 5,964 3,180 3,146. 
Overall Team Gender Male. 
Female 59% 40% 48% 52% 48% 52%
Diversity. 
White. 
Hispanic or Latino. 
Black or African American. 
Asian. 
Indigenous. 
Two or More Races. 
Chose not to disclose 77% 12% 4% 1% 1% 2% 3% 78% 12% 4% 1% 1% 2% 3% 77% 11% 4% 1% 1% 2% 4%
Age. 
Under 30 30-39 40-49 50-59 60 & older 18% 17% 18% 23% 25% 12% 14% 16% 25% 33% 12% 13% 17% 25% 33%
Sun Team Demographic 2021 2020 2019. 
Gender breakdown for managers/directors. 
Male. 
Female 46% 54% 46% 54% 42% 58%
Gender for property managers Male. 
Female 31% 69% 31% 69% 30% 70%
Total number of veterans 8% 8% 8%
Sun Unity 2021 2020 2019. 
Volunteer Hours Hours 5,667 1,265 2,700. 
Great Place to Work® Employee Survey 2021 2020 2019 % Employee Responses Rating Sun a Great Place to Work® 85% 86% NR. 
Sun Learning & Development 2021 2020 2019. 
Total learning hours Hours 57,030 44,670 40,680. 
Webinars Hours # of webinars 824 17 3,173(2)
NR 47 NR. 
Online Sun University Hours Programs offered 48,882 106 38,740. 
NR. 
NR 26. 
External continued learning hours Hours 2,800 2,764 NR. 
New Team member learning hour average in first year Hours 22.75 22 NR. 
Safety 2021 2020 2019. 
Sun Communities &
Sun Outdoors Incident Rate. 
DART Rate 6.74 1.72 6.26 2.14 7.31 1.78. 
Safe Harbor Marinas Incident Rate. 
DART Rate 9.6 6.1. 
NR. 
NR. 
NR. 
NR. 
ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 1. 2021 includes Safe Harbor Team Members 2. In 2020 ESG Report, hours was mislabeled as number of webinars. 
ESG Performance Metrics data as of 12/31/2021


36. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
ESG Performance Metrics: Environment. 
Greenhouse Gas 2021 (1) 2020 2019. 
GHG Emissions tonne CO2 244,787 94,578 90,268. 
GHG Intensity tonne CO2/
Thousand sq ft 9.23 14.54 15.14. 
Scope 1 tonne CO2 12,477 7,247 7,827. 
Scope 2 tonne CO2 126,635 77,901 72,402. 
Scope 3 tonne CO2 105,675(2) 9,430 10,039. 
Data Coverage 98% 97% 95%
Waste 2021 2020 2019. 
Total Waste tonne 40,314(3) NR NR % Waste Diverted 10% NR NR. 
Data Coverage 45%(4) NR NR. 
Water 2021(5) 2020 2019. 
Total Water Consumption m3 19,596,031 14,888,903 14,231,616. 
Purchased Water m3 79% 84% 84%
Water Treatment m3 13% 16% 16%
Water Intensity m3/sq ft 0.73 2.29 2.39. 
Data Coverage 85% 74% 74%
Electricity 2021 2020 2019. 
Electricity Consumed MWH 337,620 171,876 149,093. 
Renewable Energy Generated MWH 1,235 NR NR % of Energy from Renewable 0.37% NR NR. 
Notes on ESG Data • Short-term target setting and base year establishment is being developed. The regularity of acquisitions creates a challenge in establishing base years in alignment with GRI GHG Protocol. Sun is evaluating options that would reduce the need to re-establish base years on a regular basis.
• Due to direct billing of residential usage, Sun utilized available utility data to estimate the energy and water consumption related to leased manufactured homes within Scope 3. Sun does not report on the utility usage of resident-owned homes.
• Sun considers all energy usage at our RV properties as within. 
Scope 1 & 2 usage.
• Safe Harbor has provided the ESG data currently available. Over 2022, processes are being implemented to increase the ESG data points in the future.
1. 2021 includes Safe Harbor Resource Use 2. Scope 3 calculations include MH Leased Home Estimated Usage, Waste and new WTT Factors 3. Waste data collection method changed significantly in 2021. Removed historic data as calculation methods are not comparable 4. 55% of locations receive municipal curbside pickup with no current method of data collection 5.. 2021 Data includes addition of Safe Harbor Marinas and MH Leased Home. 
Estimated Usage


37. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Topic Code Accounting Metric Measure 2021 Results. 
Energy Management. 
IF-RE-130a.1 Energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of total floor area, by property subsector Percentage (%) by floor area • 100% operational floor space, leased homes, vacation rental and RV usage • Assumption ratio used for manufactured home rental • Resident-owned homes excluded from reporting. 
IF-RE-130a.2 (1) Total energy consumed by portfolio area with data coverage, (2) percentage grid electricity, and (3) percentage renewable, by property subsector. 
Gigajoules (GJ), Percentage (%) (1) 1,215,432 GJ; (2) 99%; (3) >1%
IF-RE-130a.3. 
Like-for-like percentage change in energy consumption for the portfolio area with data coverage by property subsector. 
Percentage (%) 8% reduction. 
IF-RE-130a.4. 
Percentage of eligible portfolio that (1) has an energy rating and (2) is certified to ENERGY STAR, by property subsector. 
Percentage (%) by floor area (1) >1% of leasing square footage (2) Sun has 66 Energy Star certified manufactured homes within our leasing portfolio. 
Water Management. 
IF-RE-140a.1. 
Water withdrawal data coverage as a percentage of (1) total floor area and (2) floor area in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, by property subsector. 
Percentage (%) by floor area (1) 100% (2) 22%
IF-RE-140a.2 (1) Total water withdrawn by portfolio area with data coverage and (2) percentage in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress, by property subsector. 
Thousand cubic meters (m3),
Percentage (%) (1) 19,596 (m3) (2) 26%
ESG Performance Metrics: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board


38. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Topic Code Accounting Metric Measure 2021 Results. 
Management of. 
Tenant Sustainability. 
Impacts. 
IF-RE-410a.1 (1) Percentage of new leases that contain a cost recovery clause for resource efficiency-related capital improvements, and (2) associated leased floor area, by property subsector. 
Percentage (%) by floor area,
Square feet (ft2)
Not disclosed. Sun Communities in reviewing available data and intends to disclose in 2023. 
IF-RE-410a.2 Not disclosed. Sun Communities in reviewing available data and intends to disclose in 2023 Percentage (%) by floor area Not disclosed. Sun Communities in reviewing available data and intends to disclose in 2023. 
Climate Change. 
Adaptation. 
IF-RE-450a.1 Area of properties located in 100-year flood zones by property subsector Square feet (ft2) 187,566,319 sq ft. 
IF-RE-450a.2. 
Description of climate risk exposure analysis, degree of systematic portfolio exposure, and strategies for mitigating risks. 
N/A Not disclosed. Sun Communities in reviewing available data and intends to disclose in 2023. 
Activity Metrics. 
IF-RE-000.A Number of assets by property subsector Number 602. 
IF-RE-000.B Leasable floor area by property subsector Square feet (ft2) 14,008,808 sq ft. 
IF-RE-000.C Percentage of indirectly managed assets by property subsector Percentage (%) by floor area 52.8%
IF-RE-000.D Average occupancy rate by property subsector Percentage (%) 98%
ESG Performance Metrics: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Cont.


39. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
GRI Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Location Page. 
Organizational Profile 102-1 Name of organization Cover, Letter from the CEO 1, 2 102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services About Sun Communities 6 102-3 Location of headquarters About Sun Communities 6 102-4 Location of operations About Sun Communities 6 102-5 Ownership and legal form About Sun Communities 6 102-6 Markets served About Sun Communities 6 102-7 Scale of organization About Sun Communities 6 102-8 Information of employees and other works ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 35 102-9 Supply Chain Suppliers and Sourcing 20 102-12 External initiatives Stakeholder Engagement 10 102-13 Membership of Associations Industry Engagement 11. 
Strategy 102-14 Statement from senior decision maker Letter from the CEO 2 102-15 Key impacts, risks, and operations Materiality 14. 
Ethics and Integrity 102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Leadership, Frameworks & Third-Party Rating System 7, 12. 
Governance 102-18 Governance Structure Leadership 7 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social impacts Leadership 8 102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts Materiality 14 102-31 Review of economic, environmental, and social topics Materiality 14. 
Stakeholder Engagement 102-40 List of stakeholder groups Stakeholder Engagement 10 102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders Stakeholder Engagement 10 102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement Our Culture Statements, Stakeholder Engagement 3, 10 102-44 Key topics and concerns raised Materiality 14. 
GRI Disclosures


40. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
GRI Disclosure Number Disclosure Title Location Page. 
Reporting Practice 102-50 Reporting period January 1 – December 31, 2021 - 102-51 Date of most recent report 2021 - 102-52 Reporting cycle Annual - 102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report sustainability@suncommunities.com -
Management Approach 103-2 The management approach and its components Leadership 7. 
Environment (Energy, Water, Emissions) 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 36 302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Managing Environmental Resources and Impact, ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 21, 36 303-1 Water withdrawal by source ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 36 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG Emissions ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 36 305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 36 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions ESG Performance Metrics: Environment 36. 
Social 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are provided to temporary or part-time employees Team Members 17 403-1:7 Occupational Health and Safety Providing a Safe Work Environment 27 403-9-10 Work-related Injuries & Illnesses ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 35 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 35 404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Learning and Development 29 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Commitment of Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Accessibility, ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 18, 35 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and development programs Supporting Our Communities, ESG Performance Metrics: Board & Social 19, 35. 
GRI Disclosures Cont.


41. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements. 
Forward-Looking Statements. 
This document contains various “forward-looking statements” withing the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend that such forward-looking statements will be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. For this purpose, any statements contained in this report that relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future strategies, trends or prospective events or developments and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts are deemed to be forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements contained in this document speak only as of the date hereof and we expressly disclaim any obligation to provide public updates, revisions or amendments to any forward-looking statements made in this document to reflect changes in our assumptions, expectations of future events or trends.
Palm Creek. 
Arizona


42. 
Sun Communities ESG Report Governance Strategy Opportunity & Risk Management Measurements 27777 Franklin Rd. Suite 200. 
Southfield, MI 48034 SunCommunities.com